Today I’m making the Internet more inclusive.
The Internet should reflect all of the people who use it.
The Internet should put the power in the hands of the many.
Net neutrality preserves the weird and wonderfulness of the Internet.
It’s time to save the Internet again.
Net neutrality is fundamental to free speech.
A healthy Internet is an even playing field where all can participate.
The more people that can participate in the web, the better the Internet, and the world will be.
It’s important to me to keep the Internet healthy.
It’s important that everyone, especially little guys, can participate in the future of the Internet.
Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers.
I wandered lonely as a cloud.
Not everything that is faced can be changed; but nothing can be changed until it is faced.
Words are, in my not-so-humble opinion, our most inexhaustible source of magic.
Many of our soldiers teamed up.
Riding a bicycle over rocky roads is difficult.
Vanessa cannot undo her mistake.
Breakfast is usually earlier than this, she thought.
The references were thick and impenetrable.
Katie screamed that they were going to lose.
They all gathered in Manchester.
The insurgents gathered sticks and wood.
We felt that something was following us through the woods.
As they browsed the store together.
"What a load of trash", Sarah opined.
It was harassment, pure and simple.
Maybe tomorrow will be better than yesterday.
There were thirty girls on the soccer field.
Eighteen of us couldn't move the van.
The snow blasted along the side of the bridge.
It was shredded, like lace after an attack from hyperactive kittens.
"I needed to concentrate more", cried Jasper.
Somehow, the paragraphs blurred into each other.
The space was spartan, almost bare.
The forest burned for thirteen days.
She felt like a weakling in comparison to her newborn daughter.
Show me some gratitude.
Anthony kept himself busy by counting pigeons.
I want my garden to be filled with roses, petunias and passion flowers.
The beer was more than just refreshing, it was delicious.
If you want it, you must take it.
It was almost as if her life had been deleted.
Hitting the delete and escape keys did nothing.
The alarm clock was set for twenty past three.
For dinner, they had Cesar salad.
This moisturising cream is fantastic.
The brake fluid was leaking out onto the path.
Edinburgh is a dream-like place to visit.
The Londoners regretted visiting this awful place.
She retired to a big comfy couch in the corner of the hall.
This fireplace is Victorian.
The computer was going insane, it displayed garbled nonsense and then shut down.
He restarted his efforts for the twentieth time.
It was the second or third time they'd tried.
They had a lot to divulge.
The descent was disturbingly steep.
Running was futile because they were so small.
The python wasn't a snake, it was a programming language.
The relief on her face showed that she understood.
It was a mega monster made of metal.
They walked in from the rain, all dishevelled and steaming.
The light reflected about the place, like some supernatural aura.
What was spoken was totally disregarded.
Raisins are delicious.
The reason for this, is to discern your strengths.
He opened the package, and tucked into a sandwich.
This pepperoni tastes off, she said.
Pizza is an Italian classic.
She has chipped a fingernail.
Christopher was confused.
It was sprayed in red, with yellow edges.
She set it on the shelf, and there it stayed.
The new law was retroactive.
It's late in the evening, a perfect time for coffee.
Regarding your request, I have decided to heed your warnings.
The salesman was like the rest of them, untrustworthy.
The Hull of the ship collapsed.
Those women are all card sharks, don't be fooled.
The ghost laughed in the weirdest way.
A frightening concept occurred to Jennifer.
The orange fruit is not yet ripened.
Somehow, the purple colour faded to gray.
This wool jumper is itchy.
The wireless joypad was experiencing connection issues.
He deleted five tables from the database.
The fire burned the fox.
Chickens are adorable.
They opened the bottle of wine and drank heavily.
All of the resources were used up.
A drought hit Western Europe.
There was a forest fire in Los Angeles.
Canada is quite cold at times.
The Canadian people are a little too humble.
He washed the detritus from his hair.
The fumes from the traffic were unbearable.
Despair is something that haunts us at night.
His anxiety exploded.
It was unforgivable and unexplainable.
She hoisted up the pirate flag.
As the flag unfurled, they all hollered like wild beasts.
Her eye twitched uncontrollably.
When will we grow out of fidget spinners?
We couldn't find the high street.
The art festival was a disaster.
His expression reminded me of a horse chewing hay.
They placed it in a wooden box, and left it there for good.
We must stay hidden.
It was a useful reminder to complete the task.
My calendar was full that month.
In a weeks time, we're going to America.
They rode alongside each other gracefully.
Do geese always fly in that formation?
The sparrow and the songbird danced along the fence.
The crow tilted its head, as if it was thinking.
This jelly doesn't taste of limes.
It was a litmus test.
Abigail is a highly regarded scientist.
It infuriates me, and I don't know why.
The virus spread faster than wildfire.
At the top of the skyscraper was a suspicious satellite dish.
My Wacom tablet has a dodgy wire.
The sweet corn tasted better grilled.
I watched the weather forecast.
The news was chilling, to say the least.
The terror was palpable.
That damn mouse could sense my anger.
Mayonnaise is made from eggs, oil, vinegar and mustard.
Milkshake is best in its chocolate form.
Everyone toasted the bride and groom.
The cup handle has broken.
I burned the omelette.
Disregard my last statement.
The plastic carrier bag had torn.
In the United States, we use paper bags for shopping.
Ouch, that was uncalled for.
Melissa's phone kept vibrating uncontrollably.
Michael opened a browser and navigated to an anonymous search engine.
This website needs more interactive elements.
This was a lie, and they all knew it.
Petrov made a funny face as he turned.
She wasn't her type.
The display was underwhelming.
It could have been steel, silver or platinum.
The hydrogen gas escaped.
Carbon dioxide is causing global warming.
He placed the DVD into the player.
The LED monitor was cracked quite badly.
The congestion was heavy throughout the city.
It's a private club, for only the most respectable people.
Peter shrunk back, aghast.
We've been laughing all day about that.
Monkeys smile when they are scared.
My dog is an Alsatian, we call her 'Poppy'.
Mozzarella is a creamy cheese that goes well with tomato and basil.
Jade's cordless drill has become faulty.
The whole office was struck by a deafening silence.
The letter said that the payment was delayed.
The Irish man sipped his tea.
Would you like a cappuccino?
Laura took out a cigarette and placed it in her mouth.
Jennifer's expression changed. "Pull my finger", she said.
Spotted dick is a classic British pudding.
Yorkshire is my county.
The brass lamp had been disturbed.
It made a faint whistling sound.
The structure chattered throughout the earthquake.
The rocking motion was nauseating.
After all the spinning had stopped, Megan felt better.
The criminals taunted the police officers and prison guards.
Catherine walked alongside the canal.
Lemons and thyme should go well.
He had to spit some tobacco out of his mouth.
The packaging was broken.
Patrick has terminal cancer.
The patient's throat feels swollen.
Susan wrapped each present individually.
Christmas is a lot like Easter.
Apple pie is an iconic dish.
The carpet was exquisite.
Dennis couldn't approach the monolith.
The football jocks laughed viciously.
Mark untaped the package carefully.
Ellie won first prize in the spelling competition.
A ghostly figure appeared.
Let's go Hiking across France.
The whole thing seemed depressingly futile.
The volume wouldn't increase much further.
She put the amplifier on mute until they calmed down.
The music was captivating.
Every folder contained a photo.
Casper predicted the outcome.
The drawer was stuck closed.
Welcome to Dave's guitar session.
The microphone put out a muffled signal.
The sticker was peeling from the item.
A citation wasn't needed.
It was aligned perfectly.
There was no justification provided.
The nurse waddled around the ward.
Jane spoke emphatically.
There was no empathy for her now.
The Christian bible has seen many changes throughout history.
They drank their milk and fell asleep.
The children were almost tyrannical.
Worryingly, the radio signal became weaker.
The router overheated and needed to be restarted.
My password has been changed without permission.
I have come to enquire about the antelope.
The requirements are rather high for this job.
Nobody knew who Malcolm was.
Toffee coated all the surfaces, it was disgustingly sticky.
My chemist told me to take these tablets before eating.
The table was adorned with lavish decorations.
Gary pulled another coin from his pouch.
My keyboard is filled with dust.
That insane android continues to ignore me.
For some reason, we were blocked from entering.
The list was frighteningly extensive.
That bold remark will be remembered for a long time.
Elizabeth reclined gracefully.
The picnic was ruined by a marching band.
As they watched the waves crashing into each other, Alice thought of home.
Johnathan assessed the situation carefully.
I've got indigestion.
Harry hoped he would see some success from the current project.
Every file had the letter "A" printed on the front.
There was no respite to be had.
I recovered myself and continued the walk home.
The buttons made a strange clicking sound when pressed.
The alien gurgled and thrashed its tentacles.
A good example of a dinosaur is the Pterodactyl.
The lift was operated by a pneumatic system.
You have developed a serious case of pneumonia.
His dessert smelled musty, not sweet.
It was an oblong shape.
The concrete was covered in moss.
The window opened outward.
The cursor blinked, expectantly.
The ivy climbed up the building and wrapped itself around the chimney.
It was flowering beautifully.
Aesthetically speaking, it was ugly.
The proportions were all wrong.
There was no way to measure anything of that length.
The octopus worried the squid.
She's a feisty little ferret.
The tin was made from aluminium.
What is my function?
Margarine is just butter with an inferiority complex.
There is a digital representation available.
The walls were covered with a thick paste.
Angela wanted to copy everything he had done.
The plastic barrier shattered.
Theresa couldn't feel any more dumb right now.
June decided to retire.
August may have ended early.
It was a very warm October.
January was hot on the heels of December.
The clock was slightly askew.
A little lemongrass should freshen it up.
Bacon, pancakes and maple syrup is a hearty start to any day.
I saw Neil yesterday afternoon.
Boris the lion cried like a donkey.
Paracetamol should get rid of that pain.
There was no justification for it.
The caterpillar responded with a nod.
The robot was filled with wires and circuit boards.
Sandra read aloud the strange excerpt.
Cassie dismantled the bicycle.
Eric took his vitamins and continued his exercise regime.
February took a book from the shelves.
The pink love heart keyring glowed.
Saul was infuriating the others.
The swimming pool was full of chlorine.
Benjamin was snacking on strips of bacon.
Elsa knitted furiously.
Yours sincerely, Satan.
The insurance was sky high.
Our mortgage is in arrears.
The vertex was out of alignment.
A missing parrot is called a polygon.
The track pad on this laptop needs calibrating.
Calibration complete.
The toilet needed cleaning.
A registration process is required.
The cistern was malfunctioning.
They inspected the menu at the restaurant.
We're going to Glasgow next year.
My job requires a lot of travelling.
The train pulled into the station.
Carbon monoxide is a very dangerous gas.
Sodium Chloride is just common table salt.
Liz put the flowers into a mirrored vase.
Yeah, I like that.
My shampoo is made from coconut and sweet almond.
The shower curtain is beige and white.
My cat laid there, soaking up the sunlight.
The population was increasing exponentially.
The incantation was written in italics.
The medical industry saves lives.
She decided against it.
Her hair flowed down her back.
It was repetitious, but soothing.
The thirteenth of march is meant to be unlucky.
It's raining heavily, take an umbrella.
We rejoiced at the citadel.
March was windy and dark.
April cuddled her lamb.
This biscuit is yummy.
She retracted her statement.
It was immediately apparent.
The smell was noxious.
The corruption ran deep.
She had her cardigan on.
These trousers don't fit very well.
Her jeans have holes in them.
The homeless seem to like soup.
Merry Christmas my dears.
It receded into the hole.
He slipped on the stairs.
We cannot forget that farce.
There was a rough patch of skin.
Acne is mainly a problem for teenagers.
It was a juggernaut.
She was reminded of her mistakes.
He was bisexual, I think.
The interface was indecipherable.
I couldn't ascertain the reason.
The report was largely scathing.
I needed immediate access.
In another year, maybe I can help.
Her records were incomplete.
Jupiter has a great red spot.
Mars is almost uninhabitable.
Venus is far too hot for exploration.
Take her to the hospital.
They exploited their guests.
The kangaroo hopped noisily.
My chinchilla eats bread.
They erased all evidence of their crimes.
We need to be confident, all of us.
He proposed a solution.
She awoke from the nightmare.
I felt a chill down my spine.
This recording is corrupted.
My hamster turned my homework into bedding.
Who is responsible for these parrots?
Angela is pregnant, she told me.
The birthday party was a surprise.
The car engine has seized.
I went swimming with dolphins yesterday.
The porcupine scurried home.
She desperately wolfed her food down.
The city's lights were stunning to behold.
It frightened the deer, scaring her into the road.
That is an antelope, my son.
You're my daughter, and I love you.
We returned to the cemetery.
He fondled his bright orange beard.
The handle snagged my coat.
The briefing room was abandoned.
He expertly gutted the rabbit.
The lumberjack jumped up the tree.
The terrorist group made their demand.
That woman stole my purse!
Queuing is something the British excel at.
That rollercoaster was insane!
She tied her shoelaces into a bow.
It almost retained its shape.
My allergy has gotten much worse today.
That song reminds me of my childhood.
He still calls his mother 'mummy'.
The charcoal burned away to white ash.
These sausages are extremely tasty.
There was no response from the elders.
She composed an emotional song in her bedroom.
We've run out of petrol and diesel.
It was like electricity through her veins.
The electrician looked puzzled.
It was engineering at its finest.
The suspension bridge was swinging in the gale.
It was a fighter jet, flying between the buildings.
The accommodation was affordable and cosy.
A hundred nuns stampeded the Vatican.
The Queen sampled the selection of cakes.
They were racing down the streets with no regard for anyone.
What idiot wrote this total drivel?
The cottage burned down.
They were all furious when the escapade failed.
That florescent pink colour is hurting my eyes.
He felt invisible among all those young people.
A whiskey is the perfect end to my day.
She put on her slippers, scaled the stairs, and went to bed.
Fresh coffee is much better than the freeze dried stuff.
Was that question rhetorical?
The airplane rose gracefully into the sky.
I can see a smiling face in the clouds.
The sunset sometimes turns the sky red.
This banana tastes like cherries.
There was a shimmering green light emanating from the statue.
He hunched his back and plodded through the heavy rain.
I'm sure this gate was locked the last time I checked.
The stained glass offered a hypnotic atmosphere.
The houses were squashed together like sardines.
She diluted the broth with chicken stock.
The trees swayed uniformly in the breeze.
It occurred to me late last night.
The grass was peppered with daisies.
They were spaced out, in rows three feet apart.
The train lines provided an easy path to follow.
How they managed to improvise at such short notice, she'll never know.
Andreas placed the shell against his ear so he could hear the ocean.
The river babbled inanely to itself.
There wasn't much impetus to finish our chores.
He employed the most cunning of tactics.
Alison couldn't help but feel pride in her creation.
She's going to lose her mind when she finds out.
Pedro hugged his teddy as hard as he could.
The Italian got her words mixed up.
That guy over there likes to drink a lot, talk a lot, but do nothing.
I'm OK if you're OK about it.
Team Four will meet up at point B with team Five.
We first met each other under the Eiffel tower, it was magical.
He tried with all his strength to wrench open the door in a panic.
Epilepsy is a condition which sends the sufferer into uncontrollable convulsions.
They were inspired by that disaster to never let it happen again.
The ship appeared to be constructed with some form of chromium exoskeleton.
The USB device didn't function correctly.
She carefully removed the evidence from its packaging.
The freeway was nearly deserted, so they cruised effortlessly to their exit.
As they stood on the escalator, they wondered how high they were.
Reality was permanently scarred from those force field experiments.
As Jennifer walked down the aisle, she wondered if she had made a mistake.
It was as if Carl realised that he was a puppet under someone else's control.
There was an accident at work, a camel stampede nearly killed the janitor.
A comet came within miles of the Earth, it almost obliterated the moon.
I've really started to appreciate Imperial measurements, you could say I'm a convert.
That radiator is emitting an uncomfortable amount of heat.
Joshua regretted buying a cheap air conditioner now that it was warmer.
'Under Construction' is simply translated to 'super fun playground'.
This kettle is quicker at boiling water than the old one.
The Christian preacher looked up to the heavens while praising his lord.
Leanne joined a choir so everyone could hear her sublime singing voice.
Benjamin repeated the question again, but in a commanding way.
The snake slithered toward the shaded boulders under the cliff.
The opening dilated and squeezed the amorphous entity out onto the floor.
Kenneth reacted badly to the steroids, he's under observation for the next hour.
Remember to take your full course of antibiotics, stopping early is dangerous for your health.
The diver forced open the oyster, revealing a shimmering pearl.
As the astronaut walked into the translucent pod, it transformed into an opaque material.
The space station rocked violently due to the intense pressure wave from the airlock failure.
The bizarre presentation involving thirteen ducks, an iguana and a platypus changed the mood somewhat.
Never advertise razors by shaving a monkey, it's cruel and results in lawsuits.
Jack admitted that the lizards added a whole new dimension to his sauna experience.
Class was dismissed due to a freak incident caused by a chemical spill.
Anita passed out during gymnastics, she recovered quickly.
The xylophone would just be a glockenspiel if it wasn't so metal.
Our group played guitars while the others randomly hit resonant objects.
The hunter was alerted by the sound of rustling vegetation behind her.
Machine gun fire awoke the fugitives and sent them into a frenzy.
The computer artist waited for the latest image to render.
Judge Clark found this disagreement difficult to resolve.
Two physicists pondered their revised quantum field theory together.
There was a fluctuation in the water pressure that fed the whale tank.
Nobody wanted to discuss how we all ended up trapped in a giant lunchbox.
Pink foam floated gently through the air, landing on the parked vehicles.
Samantha's boots felt heavy and her chest was tightening.
Jackson was glad that he'd wore Kevlar that morning.
Thailand turned out to be a very satisfying holiday.
Hold your nose to keep the smell from disabling your motor functions.
Bill decided that management should know about this incident.
The cushion was soft and inviting.
All the birds began to sing at the first light of dawn.
The scale model of the architects plans sat at the center of the conference room.
A steel framed table separated one half of the room from the other.
The old lady didn't mince her words.
I was frightened by a presence in my house that whispered terrible things.
The cacophony reached a crescendo that almost tore our ear drums.
My palms were sweaty and my mouth was dry, it must be a phobia.
Diabetics should always keep a syringe of insulin handy.
The child soaked up information like a sponge.
Doctor Kim dressed the wound with a bandage while looking disappointed at me.
Japanese culture is incredibly addictive, their buildings look amazing.
Apparently, it's the dumplings that make this stew taste so good.
The Internet is built upon many protocols which complement each other perfectly.
They met each other via online video messaging.
Christine valued her freedom, and would never deny anyone that privilege.
He decanted the wine and began to recount the disturbing story he had been told.
The tide rushed into the estuary at a menacing pace.
Somebody had returned my lost credit card to the bank.
The rainforests are depleted, we turned the planet into a waste ground.
Doughnuts are best with strawberry sprinkles and coffee.
We sharpened our wits at university so we could handle this crisis.
The flock of flamingos landed gracefully on their awkward looking legs.
The crowd gasped as they realised that the speaker was completely naked.
As they began to decorate the hallway, a silhouette appeared in the doorway.
The flight attendant winked at the obnoxious passenger seated next to me.
The teacher thought that he'd taught himself all he could.
At the airport, the woman threw herself into revision for college so she could experience university.
Wrapped in a scarf and blinded by the blizzard, the boy scrambled for the subway.
The deranged developer revised his application source code after a careful study of its contents.
He took his plate, grabbed a knife and fork and scowled at the savagery on television.
The builder placed the brick onto the plank of wood, so it would bend into shape.
The shining gem was exhilarating to behold as it sparkled.
The president heroically fought against such savagery.
Carol hid inside the shipping container.
The Scottish parliament contains politicians.
Ronnie watched in horror as the mirror transformed.
The tired paramedic handed over his patient for surgery.
Jill caught the ball that Peter had thrown towards her.
The plumber tightened the leaking valve.
Vicky wanted to not make a spectacle of herself.
Pierre decided to research gay culture.
The cover of the magazine showed a cute puppy.
Steven touched himself on the back of his neck.
The scalpel incision was clean and straight.
The tribe was almost eradicated.
The fluid sprayed across the foyer.
They whisked themselves into a frenzy.
The cringe levels were almost unbearable.
Emma tapped her nails on her mobile phone.
The secretary tugged at a loose fibre.
The lens was heavy, but it had an amazing zoom.
They raised their glasses in the old bar.
The jar lid was too tight to unscrew.
My husband revealed he was homosexual.
Someone set fire to the trash.
I wanted the doll, but the auction became too expensive.
He was betting on that outcome.
This cup is made of polystyrene.
The smoker cleared his lungs of phlegm.
That recital made my brain implode.
It was an element of her sexuality.
The newspapers demanded democracy.
Children jumping in puddles.
There are deformed fish in that lake.
To be fully funded, some lending must occur.
Licorice is a black chewy food.
The frog climbed the tower.
The snake jetted venom.
I admit that I'm an alcoholic.
Turkey for Thanksgiving.
Helium makes your voice high pitched.
We rolled the log over the hill.
I'm addicted to recycling.
The fence post shattered.
The shaking disturbed the rat nest.
Would anyone care for some lavender custard?
His seat was unstable.
The bench was long and strong.
The pages of the book flipped upside down.
The cat sat on the fence.
It rattled menacingly.
Stacey couldn't find the power switch.
Stanley felt exhilarated.
This peach tart is tasty.
We went to the zoo to see the zebras.
The horse galloped uncontrollably.
The decision was already made.
They jetted off to the Bahamas.
The priest collapsed backwards.
It was a bill for a hundred and twenty pounds.
The giraffe had become fearful.
She used her microscope to inspect it.
The country lane was muddy and poorly lit.
All the villagers cheered.
The pilots braced themselves for impact.
My laptop has crashed.
Her manipulation failed.
The ashtray was empty.
A lantern lit up the trees.
This log cabin is so quaint.
The chair had leather upholstery.
Denise hoovered the rug.
The solar eclipse cast us all in shadow.
My freezer contains enough for a banquet.
Our religion dictates our actions.
The conspiracy nuts will love this.
The silicon sealant has dried.
The daffodils are blooming.
We went to the beach to sunbathe.
The fort was a secure structure.
It dribbled down the fridge.
Sexuality is a mystery.
Abraham provided many treats.
The ceiling collapsed inwards.
Please take a business card.
The complimentary refreshments were satisfactory.
Richard has gone camping by himself.
Graham had trained rigourously.
The chilli sauce provided spiciness.
The cinema was abandoned.
The biological threat was contained.
If you roll out the pastry thin.
The rectangle was parallel to the square.
Bob lifted the dusty scroll.
Claire's cupboard was empty.
We need to ski down the hill before the sun sets.
Living alone, she made solitude her best friend.
It's a shame that soliloquies are no longer a large part of modern literature.
The pavement collapsed earlier this morning, injuring an old lady heading for the market.
She had forgotten about the cookies in the oven.
Tenements in suburban areas are usually bland and banal.
There is a massive scheme for redevelopment near Wollongong.
His heart sank as the jury returned a guilty verdict.
Her grandpa bought her a new boomerang when he last visited.
Punk was never my type of music.
I find crumpets totally repulsive and disgusting.
She prefers cricket over rounders.
What a load of rubbish on the telly today.
You going down the pub tonight, love?
Speedbird niner, turn left heading two seven zero, climb and maintain flight level three five.
Her mom took her to the judo class at four o'clock.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking.
What on earth are you rambling about?
Doctor, we have a medical emergency, and we need you at the emergency room now.
That's absolutely outrageous for a trained lawyer.
Love is a fluid concept, and I'm not sure if androids get that.
Her Majesty has left the building.
Roaming endlessly around the park, she wants to go home.
I can't believe they charge ten quid for using the toilets!
Let's not tempt him with the quarter pounder.
Fish and chips are too high in cholesterol.
The city council seriously needs to install more ATMs around here.
Would the Right Honorable Lady opposite please clarify the concerns from her constituency?
He stole the PIN to her bank account.
It has been ages since I've last seen you out in the sun!
He told me that filing for bankruptcy is the last resort.
You know, gifts are, by definition, free.
Zoos franchises are a disgrace to the global animal rights movement.
No, we don't laminate our business cards.
She slowly led the panda back to her natural habitat.
Please don't feed the pigeons, or else they will haunt you forever!
I'm afraid you can't build an igloo in the tropics.
The bill for subsidized healthcare was tabled last week.
She outed herself as lesbian last year, didn't you hear?
Guys, homophobia isn't tolerated in this office.
Confronted with a choice between cappuccino and espresso, she settled for an americano.
Her dad makes the best chipotle in town!
Mommy, can we have a puppy please?
Darling, we've run out of avocados!
As they packed their bags, the tsunami sirens sounded once more across the bleak shores.
Citizens in areas affected by the typhoon are advised to leave their homes immediately.
I'm heading down to the sushi place, you wanna get anything?
Gotcha, I was only joking!
She sang as she spilled lemonade all over the countertop.
You can't sacrifice his life for you personal vendetta!
Perusing the woods in the night, she could only rely on her instincts.
Did you really need to clog up that pipe?
Is it possible, if you would be so kind, to lend me your brolly for today?
What a dreadful rash you have on your legs!
Listen and listen to me very closely, we call them lifts, not elevators.
This is such a large dim sum menu.
She can't survive a day without having a kebab.
He burnt out his tires after the drag race.
They landed on the dark side of the moon.
I don't think it's a good idea to touch the radioactive shrapnel.
The fox pounced across the edge of the farm, only to find a safari explorer singing an opera by Vivaldi.
The neon lights across the city dimmed as a new day is born.
She released the tadpoles back to their pond.
She assured herself that everything is gonna be fine.
"You're a good lad, you know?" he told his son with stern eyes.
Asexual means you don't find anyone sexually attractive.
Your gran's been nicking stuff from the corner shop again, mate.
No matter what they did, the elevator just didn't send them to the eleventh floor.
Dumbfounded, she told him calmly that a pound of feathers weighs the same as a pound of steel.
People these days seem to take good software for granted.
Standing alone in the hallway, she regretted not raising her hand before speaking in class.
LGBT stands for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender.
The board chairwoman happily announced increased revenues this quarter.
Didn't you know that she took out a mortgage for her second apartment?
The senate condemned the invasion of the empire's colonies.
I really thought you were behind all this.
Look, you really need to sort yourself out.
The eggs need to be organic to not spoil the royal pastries.
He really needs to cut down on the donuts and watch his waistline.
The first step to a healthy lifestyle is to exercise often and regularly.
She went to buy me a new console at the department store.
That's a really great idea!
Stop getting takeaways and start to cook yourself!
You don't really know what's inside when you eat takeouts.
We're not getting any tornado warnings on the radio.
Grab your rucksack and hurry!
I think there's a hole on your knapsack.
Why do people even eat peanut butter and jelly?
There's too much sugar in jello.
Her phone is not getting any cell tower signals.
C'mon, we need to turn on our GPS so we don't end up in the middle of nowhere.
Rickshaws aren't exactly a type of modern transportation.
The faeries fade into the darkness as she wakes up from her dream.
You know, singing karaoke with you makes me realize how good of a singer I am.
You forgot about the key signature for the first three measures.
It's a shame they don't have a halal option here.
You can't steal your waiters' tips!
She can't help but to stare at the posher parts of town.
"Cheers mate," he said to the driver as he left the taxi.
To her amazement, she found a supermarket trolley lying on the seabed.
Shrubs started to grow in the garden after that family left town.
Darling, could you grab me some throat candy down at the local chemist?
Her flight was delayed for four hours.
When there's a loss of cabin pressure, oxygen masks will automatically drop down.
Passengers are reminded not to block the emergency exits.
Ma'am, we are able to upgrade your seat for free.
She's still staying in the maternity ward, but she's feeling much better.
They're building a new amusement park down the street.
He was such a jolly old bloke.
She always managed to make everybody around him smile.
I can't believe how fast the oil prices are falling!
The penguin waddles across the ice, joining her companions.
It's such an unfair world, innit?
Getting kicked out of the classroom didn't bother her a single bit.
The chancellor appears to be singing with her secretary in the backyard.
You really do wonder when they'll get a new couch.
What's up, homies, you ready to go?
I don't think I can build the sofa even when instructions are included.
I thought you're trying to cut down on the fizzy drinks.
Every cloud has a silver lining.
If not true, it is very ingenious.
No compliments, pray without ceremony, without the organ, without repetition.
A musical composition for seven instruments.
A serenade an evening concert in the open air.
A musical composition for six voices or instruments.
With a strong accent.
With emphasis.
In Sicilian style.
Nice, genial, jolly.
A symphony.
A gradual diminishing of time.
A gradual diminishing of loudness.
It's never too late to mend.
Solfaing system of arranging the scale of music by the names do, re, mi, fa, sol, la, si a voice exercise.
A musical composition of several movements for a single instrument usually the pianoforte.
With or without accompaniment.
A short sonata.
The highest female voice.
Mutes little instruments on the bridge of the violin, deadening the sound.
Terracotta sighing.
A musical note sustained to its full length, with no break between it and the next note.
On pain of death.
In an undertone, or whisper.
With distinctly separated sounds.
Spirit animation Spirited.
A short, distinct, and pointed style the opposite of legato.
I was well, but I'm all the better for being here.
The same noise.
The quickening of time.
Acceleration of time.
Not very quick.
It is so very good that it's good for nothing.
The receiver is as bad as the thief.
In correct time musical'.
Tenderly Tenor.
A note to be sustained during its whole length.
Baked earth.
Vermicelli A trio, or musical piece for three voices or instruments.
Kettle-drums.
The trunk of a statue.
Sooner or later three brothers, three castles.
Two to one are odds at football.
Tremulous vibration of a note.
A trill, or shake a triplet.
A group of three notes of equal length.
An instrument somewhat resembling a trumpet in sound.
Discussing truth too much leads to error.
All together On one string of violin.
One swallow does not make a summer.
A new broom sweeps clean what's bred in the bone.
Will come out in the flesh.
It never rains but it pours.
Variations on a musical air With great rapidity.
Thin rolls of paste prepared of flour, cheese, yolks of eggs, sugar, and saffron.
To lead a cat and dog life.
To be constantly quarrelling.
The voice, Chest voice the real voice, Head voice falsetto.
A flight of musical notes.
To wish one well To wish one ill.
Time Turn over.
Turn over the leaf quickly.
Out of sight, out of mind.
A constable an inferior officer of justice.
Fortune favours the brave.
Faint heart never won fair lady.
They are rich who have friends.
The dead have no friends.
An act of faith.
The name given in Spain and Portugal.
Under the Inquisition.
Your good health.
Thou comest well, if thou comest alone said of misfortunes.
A morsel eaten gains no friend.
A good lawyer is a bad neighbour.
An old ox makes a straight furrow.
Do not spur a free horse.
Every cock crows loud on his own dunghill.
Everyone knows best where the shoe pinches him.
A pitcher goes often to the well, but is broken at last.
When good cheer is lacking friends will be packing.
Buy at a market, but sell at home.
Have many acquaintances, but few friends.
There is no fighting against fate.
A magistrate.
Save a thief from the gallows and he will cut your throat.
To give chalk for cheese.
However I am dressed, I shall still be Sancho Panza.
I shall be neither more nor less meritorious.
Smooth water runs deep.
Great braggers, little doers.
Of a bad paymaster get your due if only in kine.
Lock the stable-door when the steed is stolen.
The wise man may change his opinion, but the fool , never.
Behind the cross stands the devil.
Where God has his church, the devil will have his chapel.
Two saints on one day.
There is no fire without some smoke.
One good turn deserves another.
The hare springs out, when one thinks not of it.
Sorrows with something to eat bread are endurable less. A fat sorrow is better than a lean one.
Good wine needs no herald bush.
To eat, and to scratch, a man need but begin.
The spirit is willing but the flesh is weak.
Money makes the man.
The golden land.
Wine wears neither linen nor woolen breeches.
When wine's in wit's out.
A still tongue makes a wise head.
Stark naked. Under bare poles. In puris naturalibus.
Writing, the best memory.
Writing makes the exact man.
An advanced progressist is a radical.
An hotel.
A mewing cat is not a good mouser.
A gentleman, a gipsy.
Great is the victory that is won without bloodshed.
Necessity is a strong arm.
Necessity is the mother of invention.
War to the knife bitter end.
War, hunting, and love bring a thousand pain for one pleasure.
Wars bring scars.
Love is fruitful of alarms.
An irregular petty war an armed mountaineer.
Member of an independent band harassing the enemy by irregular attacks.
After having advertised wine he sells vinegar.
To speak without thinking is to shoot without taking aim.
A country estate.
The foot of the owner is the best manure for his land.
A gentleman, belonging by birth to the inferior nobility.
A man of one book.
To steal a hog, and give away the feet in alms to God.
To be liberal at another's expense.
A lie has a short life legs.
Riches are the sumpter mules of fortune.
Children and fools speak truth.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
Knowledge is better than riches.
Better be ignorant than obstinate.
Better late than never.
A conservative.
Rich here, poor hereafter.
All is not gold that glitters.
There is no lock but a golden key will open it.
No lock will hold against the power of gold.
Not to know how to sign one's name.
To be a mighty grandee.
Rome was not built in a day.
Well begun is half done.
To offer too much, is to court denial.
The owner's eye fattens the horse.
Medley hotch-potch.
Out of debt, out of danger.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
The thief thinks that all are of his profession.
Money makes the mare to go.
Soon ripe, soon rot.
A public declaration an announcement of revolution.
Silence gives consent.
Listeners never hear good of themselves.
Over-reaching cheats itself.
Grasp all, lose all.
Grasp no more than thy hand will hold.
Nothing lost for lack of asking.
Make hay while the sun.
Beasts get fat by change of pastures.
A chain of mountains with jagged ridges like the teeth of a saw.
A short sleep taken about mid-day.
There's no accounting for tastes.
Like master, like man.
I took her for a rose, but she turned out a thorn.
A single hair casts a shadow.
A contented mind is a continual feast.
Truth is green bitter.
More haste less speed.
Live and let live.
An empty purse, and a new house, make a man wise, but too late.
Charity begins at home.
Still waters run deep.
A still tongue makes a wise head.
If the cap fit, wear it.
A heavy purse makes a light heart.
You cannot get blood out of a stone.
Well begun is half done.
The cat knows well whose lips she licks.
A soft answer turneth diabo away wrath.
A tongue of honey, a heart of gall.
Every Jack has his Jill.
Birds of a feather flock – together.
Everyone is king in his own house.
A man's house is his castle.
Care's no cure.
A chip of the old block.
Give the devil his due.
Hell is paved with good intentions.
Robbing Peter to pay Paul.
Tell me whom you keep company with, and I will tell you what you do.
You cannot eat the cake.
Build castles in the air.
Make a virtue of necessity.
Make the best of a bad bargain.
To escape from the smoke, and fall into the fire.
Out of the frying-pan into the fire.
A burnt child dreads the fire.
Out of sight, out of mind.
Let well alone.
Better late than never.
A bird in hand is worth two in the bush.
Two heads are better than one.
Strike while the iron is hot Make hay while the sun shines.
Many littles make a mickle.
Adversity tries friends.
Don't count your chickens before they are hatched.
Hunger is good mustard — the best sauce.
He must crack the nut who would the kernel eat.
Love is blind.
Man proposes, God disposes.
What can't be cured must be endured.
Knowledge is power.
Little things please little minds.
A penny wise and a pound foolish.
Love me, love my dog.
As you make your bed so you must lie on it.
Waste not, want not.
Nothing venture, nothing gain.
Out of debt, out of danger.
Where there's a will there's a way.
Rome was not built in a day.
One good turn deserves.
Forewarned is forearmed.
A deputy representative in parliament.
Even the women knew how to be silent.
To keep their tongues.
Between their teeth.
To go to the dogs.
Deferred is not denied.
"Never to come on a green twig;" not to get on in the world.
Down on his luck.
Railway station Postage stamp.
Please, postman.
Blood and iron Letter.
Topsy-turvy steamboat.
The fatherland Germany.
Heaven forbid!
The gallant noble, good man thinks of himself last.
The everlasting Jew the wandering Jew.
To be the cock in the basket to be cock of the company.
The wild huntsman.
Poetry and truth.
The hull husk and the full in plenty Virtue is the highest good.
Thunder and lightning Hasten with leisure. More hurry, worse speed.
Slow and steady wins the race.
One egg is like another.
As like as two peas.
To rap one's knuckles to clip one's wings.
To check one To pull the fell hide, skin over one's ears.
To fleece him smartly.
A single little word can strike him down.
He is the very picture of his father.
Opening of the Imperial diet.
What heaven sends must be agreed!
Serves you right
There will be no cock crow over that
No one will care a brass farthing for it Finance minister.
Chancellor of the Exchequer
Mrs. wife lady Miss
Young lady, cheer up!
Good luck on the way.
Fortune attend you!
Good luck!
Good evening.
Good morning.
Lit. All hail, fresh, pious, joyous, free.
Capital town.
Long live the king.
Home grief a morbid desire of returning home.
Nostalgia Here lies the dog buried.
This is the point. There's the rub.
Gone is gone. No good in crying over spilt milk.
Long live the Emperor.
Court-chaplain, I thank you.
I serve the motto of the Prince of Wales.
I'll cough a bit for you.
You will have to wait for it till doomsday.
You may whistle for it.
Worse and worse.
What is always becoming, never is.
If you are well off, remain so.
Never quit certainty for hope.
Every road leads to the end of the world.
All roads go to Jericho.
Waiter, King and emperor.
General levy of the people.
Comprising all men capable of bearing arms.
Men that are included in the line, the reserve, militia, farewell.
A song, a girl, a maid.
A fabulous tale.
To fall into the house with the door to blurt out something to put it bluntly.
With skin and hair completely, thoroughly out and out.
New Universal German Library.
Nothing else remains over for us. We have no alternative.
Deliberate slowly, execute promptly.
Strike while the iron is hot.
Upper House and Lower House Houses of Lords and Commons.
Without haste, yet without rest unhasting, yet unresting.
A happy New Year to you!
Real schools, secondary schools giving a general practical education.
Imperial chancellor.
Constitution of the empire.
Council of the empire.
Imperial diet.
Cattle plague.
Tranquillity is the first duty of citizens.
Pickled cabbage Fast train express.
Best thanks.
Harmonic society choral.
Sitting of the delegates.
As sure as I am alive.
Do you speak German?
Storm and stress.
Over neck and head headlong.
Practice makes perfect.
Under the limes.
Even the weak, when united, become powerful.
Union is strength.
Put your trust in God.
Wandering years, in which a journeyman went from place to place after his apprenticeship, to acquire further experience.
Arms, coat of arms.
What is the matter?
Let what must be, happen.
Come what come must.
Neither fish nor flesh.
He that considers too much, will not bring anything to performance.
To look too deep into one's glass.
To take a drop too much.
How big can elephants be?
Move these files into the pictures folder.
Where did you find that apple?
Teresa, Mildrid, Ralph, and Vonda all arrived yesterday evening.
Sometimes I wonder how there can be so many stars in the sky.
Does the venue offer free WiFi?
President Herbert Hoover had two children.
He gained fame as an Italian racing cyclist.
His saxophone solo was incredible.
I woke up to the screech of my neighbor practicing trumpet.
The juggler managed to keep five balls in the air at once.
Please shut the door.
Open the window.
Mow the lawn.
Where is my shoe?
A bat is in the cave.
Please bring soap.
We need more soap.
Do not cross the yellow line.
Despite years of research, the problem remained intractable.
Where is my dress?
The children learned how to knit.
The yellow fish swam across the lake.
Can we please leave now?
Fedric was unable to find his lucky marble.
Delete this file.
Ines loves to go swimming.
Sal is good at running.
Have you seen Hollie?
It looks like Lena left her jacket.
Is this a picture of a cat?
The doctor removed her gloves.
The scientist wrote her paper.
Allison found her phone.
I got a call from Ben.
Next time it rains, please call me.
Ron was late to the meeting.
Gina is a great chess player.
Remind me to feed the cat when I get home.
Karl is over there.
When are we leaving for the party?
Clifton is unable to reach the shelf.
Hello, my name is Brenda.
Have you met Peter?
Jennifer is very creative.
Robert is king of the playground.
Remind me to send another email.
Remind me to buy some eggs next time I am at the store.
Ruth is upset.
Sharon knows how to annoy her sister.
Karen will not be coming today.
Brian is leaving today.
Thomas took a trip to Canada.
Zeus is the Greek god of thunder.
Mount Everest is found on the international boarder between China and Nepal.
Maria is bringing her friend Walter.
The teacher is not happy with his students.
The nurse is unwilling to give him the medicine.
Ryan knows how to swim.
Virginia does not know how to fly the kite.
Doctor Clark arrived last week.
Mister Turner will not be happy with this.
Professor Phillips is credited with discovering a new way to make batteries.
Mister Robinson will be on time.
Doctor Garcia has been practicing medicine for longer than I have been alive.
Mrs. Lewis was selected as the new commissioner.
Do you know how long I have been waiting for?
Where are you from?
What is today?
We must leave now.
I spilled coffee on my paper.
The dog wagged its tail.
We must find out how long to run the experiment.
Why are you doing this?
It can't possibly be true that we lost.
It can't possibly be true that we won.
Why are you not at work?
Are you sure that is exactly what happened?
I do not think that Mister Diaz can be trusted.
We found the device in his cabinet.
That does not mean he is guilty.
I am not sure what other explanation we have.
Maybe he just put it there for safe keeping?
That is unlikely considering it has his name on it.
You know, he is an honest man.
That is what I thought as well, but it might not be true.
You need more evidence than that.
We also found suspicious letters in his mailbox.
That is not his mailbox.
It is in front of his house.
That is not her house.
That is the address in the address book under his name.
The book has been wrong in the past.
This time we know it is correct.
How do you know that it is correct?
We asked over twenty different people, and they all said it was his.
Do you know those people?
No, they were selected at random.
How can we know they have seen his house?
They all live in the area.
Fine, I agree this could be the case.
I knew you would be convinced.
Does this mean he will go to jail?
That is one possibility, but we would both prefer it did not happen.
Maybe he could just pay for the device.
No, that is not a good solution.
What if he made a new version?
She would need to replicate it exactly.
Hm, that does seem difficult.
Yes, it would be difficult.
However, I do not think it is impossible.
No one has ever done it before.
She is a very smart lady, and I think she can figure it out.
I hope you are right this time.
We all hope I am right.
I will tell her what we decided.
No, I will tell her myself.
You know her better, so you should do it.
Yes, that is what I was thinking too.
I am glad we have decided this then.
Good morning, how are you?
I am doing well.
What are you here for this morning?
I came to pickup my package that arrived today.
Do you know what kind of package it was?
I think it came in a long, red box.
I do not remember seeing anything that looked like that.
Can you please check your inventory?
Sure, I will be right back.
Wow, this is a nice table!
I found five things that you described.
Great, can you show them to me?
I am afraid that I would need to charge you for that.
That is not fair at all!
That is the way the system works.
The rules should be changed.
I do not make the rules unfortunately.
How much will it cost.
With your thirty percent discount it will cost eighty-five dollars.
That is a lot for such a small task.
I need to pay rent and keep the doors open.
Can I pay in cash?
You can pay in cash or with a credit card.
Here is the money you wanted.
Thank you for your understanding.
You are welcome, I suppose.
Here are the twelve items I was referring to.
They are very impressive, I will admit.
I thought you would be pleased with them.
Look closely at the one on the left.
I am, but I do not see anything special.
It changes color when you say the words "blue sponge".
That is a weird phrase.
I did not chose that phrase.
Where did it come from then?
It was like that way when it arrived.
Can it be changed?
Unfortunately, the choice is permanent.
Hey look, a flying pig!
Welcome to the party, Sandra!
Thank you Nicholas for inviting me.
Did you have any problem finding the house?
No, I asked Pamela and Mark for directions before I left.
That seems odd because Mark has never been to the house.
She said you told her where it was.
Oh, I think you are right.
Who has already arrived?
Here, let me show you around.
That would be very kind of you.
Have you met Catherine?
No, but it is nice to meet you.
Janet is a world-class tennis player.
Oh, I used to play tennis when I was younger.
What made you stop playing?
Unfortunately I broke my leg in an accident and could not continue.
That is really sad to here.
Yeah, I was in a wheel chair for months.
Oh no, that is terrible!
Please don't be concerned.
Okay, I will not be concerned.
Debra is a explorer that has been all over the world.
I have always wanted to travel the world.
I would recommend doing it before you get too old.
What was your favorite thing to see in your travels?
When I visited South America I had dinner with Aaron, Douglas, Nicole, and Raymond.
What did you eat for dinner?
We had a wonderful dish that was seasoned with Chili Peppers.
I love spicy food!
Me too, so I try to get plenty wherever I go.
Have you been to Japan?
I went to Tokyo several years ago.
Did you try any Japanese food while you were there.
I do not like sushi, so I did not really enjoy the meal.
How about Egypt?
I went to Egypt with my grandmother.
What did you think of that trip?
My grandmother and I went inside the Great Pyramid.
Did you see any ghosts?
No, but I saw a gift shop.
How was the food there?
I ate a dish with rice, spaghetti, hummus, and caramelized onions.
Did you think it was tasty.
It was not too bad.
Do you like fruit?
I like apples, pears, and pomegranate, but I do like strawberries or grapes.
My uncle was fruit farmer.
What did he grow?
He grew strawberries, so you would not like it.
My niece runs a farmer's market.
My uncle may have been to your niece's market.
That would be funny if he did.
Yes, it would be.
My aunt used to be in the business as well.
Is that how your niece began?
No, my aunt never wanted her to do that.
It was nice talking with you.
Thanks for chatting with me.
Let me introduce you to Benjamin.
We have already met, but it would be nice to see him again.
Hello, Benjamin.
It has been so long since I have seen you!
I just want to give you a big hug!
Please do not touch me.
You are so rude!
Tyler, do you remember when I gave you that note?
I think it was last Thursday, but I am not sure.
It is very important that you remember.
I am certain it was on Friday.
Hey, don't go there!
I am supposed to be here.
Let me see your ticket.
I forgot my ticket on the train.
If you do not have your ticket, I cannot let you in.
My brother is performing tonight.
That man is your brother?
Victoria pointed at the poster and shook her head.
Jerry could not believe it.
"Here, let me show you," said Ann.
Sean stood there tapping his foot impatiently.
Kathleen pulled her phone out of her pocket.
Alexander was not sure why she did it.
Mary found the website and showed it to Daniel.
James read the information on the screen and could not believe it.
"See," said Sarah, "that is my brother."
Paul apologized to Linda and unlocked the door.
Inside Elizabeth saw Donald.
How can I help you madam?
Sarah told him that she was there to see her brother.
Thomas told her that her brother had canceled his show.
Betty was surprised.
Tears streamed down Dorothy's face.
Charles looked on, angry that there was nothing he could do.
Suddenly, Kimberly had an idea.
Look John, I just cannot support that.
Margaret was on her knees, begging Melissa to change her mind.
No matter how much he offered, Scott would not accept the deal.
The lights dimmed and the music started.
The concert was loud enough for everyone in the city to hear.
There have been reports the event might be canceled.
NASA plans to launch the rocket tomorrow.
The race was finished in just thirty nine minutes, beating all expectations.
The cake will be ready in seventeen minutes.
We pride ourselves in completing all requests in less than twenty four hours.
The transfer required two hours nineteen minutes and ten seconds to complete.
Built January nineteenth, nineteen-seventeen, the monument is now celebrating its centennial.
Scientists believe the Solar System formed around four point six billion years ago.
The mall is open eight thirty AM to five thirty PM.
Please schedule a meeting between me and John at three thirty tomorrow.
The election was held May nineteen-seventy-six.
After being sealed for more than eighty four years, the vault was finally opened in twenty-fourteen.
We meet every other Monday.
Can we plan on doing it on Tuesday?
I am only available on Wednesday.
The festival happens the last Thursday of the month.
We all know that our favorite day of the week is Friday.
I have to work this Saturday.
Sunday will not work for me.
Did you know they are closed in January?
Our busiest time of year is in February.
The march is supposed to take place in March.
We will be visiting in April.
We will be out of town for most of May.
The children are not in school in June.
I like the city, but in July it is too hot.
We have it scheduled for August first.
Please try to let us know by September.
It is odd that is so cold in October.
I would prefer to do it in November.
I can not believe it is already December.
Let me know by the thirteenth.
The castle was built in the early sixteenth century.
This is the twenty-first century solution to the problem.
People born in twenty-eighteen will possibly live into the twenty-second century.
The theater is closed for renovations, but will reopen in twenty-nineteen.
The insurance policy will expire in twenty-twenty.
We are obligated to continue until twenty-twenty-one.
By twenty-twenty-two I expect the problem will be solved.
The building is scheduled to open in twenty-twenty-three.
The next time the eclipse occurs is in twenty-twenty-four.
In twenty-twenty-five grandpa will celebrate his hundredth birthday.
While it has a long shelf life, the items will expire in twenty-twenty-six.
In twenty-twenty-seven I will old enough to drive.
Twenty-twenty-eight is going to be the first year in over eight decades we must cancel the event.
We expect this stay relevant until twenty-twenty-nine.
The model predicts that by twenty-thirty, the chances could more than double.
The recipe requires three-quarters of a cups of sugar.
The irrational number Pi, which represents the ratio between a circle's circumference and its diameter, approximately equals three point one four one five.
The pin number is three, seven, two, six.
I thought of buying the hat, but then saw that it cost eighty-four dollars.
The car sold for twelve thousand three hundred and sixty nine euros.
The car sold for twelve thousand four hundred and sixty nine dollars.
The car sold for six thousand three hundred and sixty nine pounds.
The item costs five euros.
The item costs five Yen.
The new highway is expected to cost nine point two four million dollars.
We are opening a new location at ten eighty-seven Oak Street.
You must be at least one hundred and fifty centimeters to ride the bike.
The tallest building in the world is eight hundred twenty nine point eight meters tall.
Flight four B nine one was delayed due to poor weather.
We expect more than thirty thousand people to attend.
It weighs five kilograms.
The population was eighteen thousand four hundred and thirty two.
In surprise finish, the final score was seven to five.
The bestselling novel was read four million times.
H2O is the chemical formula for water.
World leaders gathered for the UN meeting.
The CIA and MI-Six are secret spy agencies.
Most reports of UFOs have never been verified.
If you have an issue in the workplace, you are encouraged to contact the HR department.
The new proposal goes by the acronym WNA.
Every computer on the Internet has an IP address.
Do you want to play a game?
What game do you want to play?
Have you played chess?
John likes checkers.
We will not have any money left.
Please go to aisle seven.
The flight was delayed by twenty two minutes.
Will it rain tomorrow?
Is it raining right now?
What is the weather in Brazil during the summer?
I love caramel candies.
We had some delicious caramel apples.
I love chocolate candies.
I found a receipt for Caramel Nougat Bars.
Where have you been this afternoon?
The child was rushed to the hospital after swallowing a crayon.
The students colored with their crayons.
The child was rushed to the hospital after swallowing a cap.
The students colored with their colored pencils.
I must speak to my lawyer.
The lawyer sat in the courtroom.
The judge sat in the courtroom.
The mother sat in the courtroom.
Can I get the sandwich without mayonnaise?
The sandwich comes with ham, cheese, tomatoes, mayonnaise, pickles.
Can I get the sandwich without tomatoes?
Can I get the sandwich without pickles?
The child put on his pajamas.
She forgot her pajamas at home.
This November I had some pecan pie.
I like both apple and pecan pie.
I love syrup and pancakes.
May I have some syrup to go on these pancakes?
The tomato sauce was great.
We threw a surprise birthday party for Ali.
Have you seen Omar?
I think he was with Mohamed.
I thought I saw him with Ahmed.
My friend Murad is coming in this weekend.
Oh, what are you going to when he arrives?
I have not decided yet.
Hussein and I might get dinner together.
Let me introduce you to Antonio.
Look! There is Manuel crossing the street.
Hello! It is great to see you!
We know that Mark does not like spicy food.
I think I see John and Mina over there in the vegetable aisle.
Happy birthday Mina!
How many slices would you like Santiago?
It took forty five minutes for Pedro to drive to work.
I know Daniel quite well.
Do you know if Dylan is going to go with us?
I with Kevin would go with us.
My brother Elijah fell off his bike.
Fabian does not like pepper.
Elena will be late.
Olivia, have you seen my keys?
No, have you checked on the counter?
I did not see them there.
I lost them last Thursday.
I will ask Liam if he can help me look.
Hm, I will have to ask Ian about that.
No, I have not seen it.
Emma is running the third race today.
Over four hundred participants competed in the race.
That was seven hundred more than last year.
The price is up twenty two percent.
Abigail and Sara told me the secret.
Did you know that Nikola was going to join us?
The wizard cast a very powerful spell over the town.
Wow! It looks like it is flying!
Steps one through five look like they will be easy.
Thomas one first place in the competition.
We met Alexander and the bar and had a great time last night.
Dmitry helped me with my homework.
Did you know that Harry got a new job?
William ran down the street.
When he got the call, Ali ran out of the store, down the street, and into the car.
My wife had a baby last week.
She is seven months pregnant.
The baby is due next week.
The baby tried cake for the first time on her first birthday.
Mia turned seven today.
Lara is coming here for dinner.
Where did Charlotte leave her keys?
Olivia came to pick up the cup cakes.
Emily was stung by a jellyfish.
Do you have Nina's phone number?
Do you have Isabella's phone number?
Do you have Hugo's phone number?
The dragon breathed a stream of fire thirty feet long.
The light danced across the lake.
After twelve hours of rowing, Darius climbed out of the canoe, and lied down on the beach to nap.
The starlight would guide us as the sun bid us farewell.
When he saw the storm clouds in the sky, Jaka wished he would have remembered his umbrella.
Gabriel knows how to throw a good party.
Nadia had had enough complaints of all the complaints from Sofia.
Ying told us to bring extra strawberries.
Did you know that Mohammad was so good at tennis?
We are going to the football game tonight.
The football game ended with neither team scoring a single point.
My brother is a professional football player.
The twenty-twenty Olympics will be held in Tokyo.
The twenty-eigtheen Olympics will be in Pyeongchang.
I am going to Germany tomorrow.
I am going to the USA tomorrow.
I am going to Asia tomorrow.
The flag is red, blue, and yellow.
The police arrived at the scene thirty minutes later.
The ambulance drove down the street sirens blaring.
The ambulance drove quickly to the hospital.
The president of Russia is Vladimir Putin.
Find a picture older than five weeks.
I'm not happy that it is taking so long.
Please be careful around the crocodile.
The Queen of Denmark was born in nineteen-fourty.
Victoria was born in nineteen-seventy-four.
Oprah Winfrey held a talk show for many years.
Marilyn Monroe passed away in nineteen-sixty-two.
John F. Kennedy was born in nineteen-seventeen.
Justin Bieber is a Canadian singer that rose to fame in two-thousand-and-eight.
Elvis Presley is often called the "King of Rock and Roll".
Leonardo DiCaprio is staring in the new movie.
Cristiano Ronaldo has won twenty four trophies in his career.
Johnny Depp is reprising his role for the third time in the new film.
The most recent presidents of the United States are Donald Trump, Barack Obama, and George W. Bush.
Michael Jordan played basketball for fifteen seasons.
Tom Hanks is the third highest-grossing actor in North America.
Katy Perry is a famous American singer.
Tom Cruise is a famous movie star born in nineteen-sixty-two.
Tiger Woods is a famous golfer.
Harry Styles was a member of the boy band One Direction.
Britney Spears is a pop singer.
C.S. Lewis is the author of The Chronicles of Narnia series.
Matthew McConaughey is an American actor.
Michael Jackson began his career as part of the Jackson Five.
Albert Einstein's famous equation E equals MC squared is one of the best known equations in physics.
Albert Einstein was a German physicist who developed the Theory of Relativity.
Mahatma Gandhi led the Indian independence movement in the twentieth century.
The famous Mona Lisa painting was painted by Leonardo Da Vinci.
Abraham Lincoln was the sixteenth president of the United States.
George Washington was the first president of the United States.
Martin Luther King Jr. was an an American civil rights leader.
Nelson Mandela was President of South Africa for five years.
The Beatles were a famous English rock band.
John Lennon and Paul McCartney are two famous members of the Beatles.
Jackie Chan is a famous martial artist and actor from Hong Kong.
William Shakespeare was an English poet and playwright that lived during the late sixteenth century.
Neil Armstrong was the first man to step foot on the moon.
A large painting hung over the fireplace.
I saw that once before.
He's probably trying to get in.
The old man left the book.
But you could bring them there!
Michael took a cigarette from his pocket and placed it in his mouth.
He was ludicrously fast on a bike.
Two men spoke in Arabic while having a drink at the bar.
I met up with Aditya at the party and we talked for hours.
Where did Arnav get his new sofa?
Forty on Thursday is the name of the event.
Not too bad, I suppose.
The omens have led me on a wild chase.
The pigs and cows ran everywhere.
Priya was late to class.
It seems Rahul had thought everything.
We will be meeting Abhishek there later tonight.
It is a magical world filled with elves, dwarves, and dragons.
When will the train arrive this morning?
How often has the train been late?
The ladies and gentlemen I work for would be interested in acquiring your service on a temporary basis.
They would like to meet you to discuss matters in person.
An automobile will arrive at the end of the alley in half an hour, you are to get inside.
Please, call me James.
It has come to our attention that you are a man of adequate talents and little notoriety.
It is my hope that we might develop a fruitful business relationship.
I'm not sure I want any type of relationship with your sort of organisation.
We are not bad people simply because we operate outside of the law.
The law makes who I am illegal, but I have done no harm to anyone. 
We merely wish to employ you to help locate a missing item.
You would be suitably compensated, of course.
A decision not to aid us in an agreeable manner could lead to some seriously disagreeable behaviour on our part.
Very well then, what is it that you need me to track down?
It's a trinket of primarily sentimental value, although it might command a small sum on the open market, belonging to one of my employers.
He misses it greatly and would be very grateful to whomsoever might return it.
Inside, you'll find photographs and a brief synopsis of the item's history.
We would prefer for your search to be carried out discreetly.
I'm sorry, I can't help you.
What assurances do I have that you'll keep my name out of your story?
Why can't this researcher check your facts?
Who sent you to me?
When did you contact her?
It took me most of the day to track you down, it's not like you're listed in the phone book.
I don't have a phone.
Does this mean you're willing to talk to me?
Not just that, I have a feeling I'll be helping you track down your wayward researcher as well.
Perhaps, we could meet at the institute around noon since I have a few things I need to attend to first.
Do you know what he was last working on?
Not specifically no, he only gave me the gist of his research the one time I spoke to him.
Right, well let's poke around his lab a little.
Perhaps, one of his colleagues can shed a little light.
I'm afraid I'll have to see your passes, gentlemen.
Ah, how might one go about getting such a pass?
I issue all passes.
Could you issue us one perchance?
Under what circumstances might you be persuaded to provide us with passes?
You'll need a written letter of invitation from a member of the faculty.
I think we should go.
How did you get in before?
Seems you don't know as much about us as you thought.
I don't suppose you'd be willing to answer some of my questions while we're out here?
Okay kid, ask away.
So why would they want to drop the gold standard if not for the reasons they claim?
I'm a detective, not an economist. 
They go where the money goes. 
I have been directed to assist you with your enquiries.
You have a great deal of experience with investigative work then?
Can you do your babysitting from outside my office?
Noone is likely to hassle me too seriously in a bar full of people, so why don't you wait out here?
Whatever you may think I'm not your dog to be left chained to a lamppost.
Can I get you a drink?
Hey, looks like you made a new friend.
Yeah, one thing cats have going for them is that they don't follow you around so much.
I was hoping you might know a thing or two about my surly shadow?
He's a regular and he's connected, but then I expect you knew that much already.
He's smart, smart enough to keep his intellect hidden and fool people into underestimating him.
You must be mixed up in something pretty big if he's keeping such a close eye on you.
I'm merely being a little more circumspect.
Because prudence was always your strong suit.
You have a couch?
No, I have a single mattress and my office floor.
I assume this was your doing?
Fine, well I need to make a call before we leave.
Be right there, boss!
If you'd please follow me this way.
This is the lab in which the necklace was being stored.
Who was using this lab when the necklace was still here?
Is he not still in the area then?
I'm afraid not, he's visiting a sick relative somewhere in Germany.
So you don't believe it was stolen at all?
I'm sure you'll soon be able to enlighten us all as to the real state of affairs.
Did anyone else share this lab at the time?
I'd still like to have a word with her.
Very well, if you'd like to start your inspection of the lab area I'll go and fetch her.
What's all this about a necklace?
It was how I managed to get us invites to poke around.
I didn't notice a lock on the door.
No, we don't have many locked areas within the facility.
We have a very vigorous screening procedure for new recruits.
Bringing him was a mistake.
Valuable or not, if he becomes a liability, I'll be forced to clean up after you.
Good afternoon sir, how may I be of service?
Please hold while I have someone check our records room.
She'll meet us tonight.
However did you manage that?
When was the last time you spoke with him prior to his departure?
He rarely spoke to me of anything that didn't directly relate to our work.
Hopefully, you'll think twice before giving me the slip in future.
Do you have any suspicions as to who they might be?
I suspect this may be someone new making themselves known.
Might others within your organisation have some inkling as to their desires?
Get up, we're going shopping.
I understand that you're going to want to bring the cops in on this, but I can't be here when you do.
What's your name, and what were you doing here?
And who hired you for this?
Where did you say this man worked?
And what other associates did he have?
No one picked up, so I went by her place on the way here.
She wasn't home, a neighbour said that he didn't think she came in last night.
You mentioned a reporter earlier?
Do you have any idea how long he's likely to be?
Don't worry, I have a feeling I'll be seeing him pretty soon anyway.
She's low down on our list of concerns at the moment.
I'm not sure it'd be too healthy for you to be around me for a while.
So, where are we headed next?
I don't suppose there's some sort of index to all this?
Put that back exactly where you found it this instant.
A pleasure to meet you.
If possible, we'd like the papers a week before and after each of these dates please.
Best not to get in her way when she's on the hunt.
I've got something!
It would appear your employers aren't the stand up guys you'd taken them for.
Whoever the rightful owner is we've still got a whole host of missing scientists to account for.
I'll do my best not to make a mess on the carpet.
I'm afraid this event is by invitation only, sir.
On this particular occasion, you needn't fear.
How did it come to leave your possession then?
And how do you think I can help lure him out?
You weren't kidding about the bait part.
Let me worry about that.
Seems you're hot on the trail now.
Couldn't this have waited until morning?
He was something of a sickly child by all accounts, never made it past his fourth birthday.
That's all you woke me up for, ancient history?
Sorry, I'll explain more when I actually understand what's going on.
It would appear I have an appointment with a ghost.
And which family would that be?
What is it that you want?
What makes you think I'd answer you?
Fine, what makes you think I'd answer you truthfully?
The lies people tell can also be revealing.
Money isn't of interest to me, power is.
Aren't the two rather intertwined?
Not when someone else holds the purse strings.
That was someone else's handy work.
You can go, but remember our deal.
Come after me or one of mine, and that photograph will be everywhere by morning. 
I'm a reporter not a photographer.
Back to our original plan, I think.
It had crossed my mind.
I'll be lucky if she even talks to me again.
Surely when you explain the circumstances of our untimely call she'll understand.
And now she's afraid we've got her all mixed up in mob business.
Well, I have one last play left to try, and this one's a classic.
This was your plan?
It's a move I learnt from you.
Sorry, we didn't even know you were here.
It feels like forever, it's always dark in here.
They don't even bother to ask me questions any more.
Every now and then they remember to give me some food.
I guess I'll have to share my food with you now.
They were waiting for me at home.
You are going to escape.
It was on my to-do list.
Yeah, don't worry we'll find him.
This isn't a doss house.
Just look at the mess you've made of my papers.
I thought I'd near enough collapse as we fled.
I'm not sure how much credit I can take for our escape.
I for one have no doubt that it was your quick wits that saw us delivered from that hellish place.
Either way, I think we should be extremely cautious.
Why are we here?
So, where's the necklace?
I thought I was being clever.
I see now that it was just some perverse form of egotism.
As hiding places go, it isn't the worst.
But we never even got close to it?
No, that was never his real plan.
That's why you collapsed?
How do we know it's really over?
He could still be listening in.
It would certainly fulfil the requirements of my contract.
And you couldn't release him?
We find ourselves in something of a quandary.
You'll not turn this over to your employers then?
What about from an unsafe distance?
You're in no condition to be exerting yourself like that.
In that case, I guess we'll just have to find a way to draw him out.
It would appear to me that the two ideas aren't mutually exclusive.
Might I use your phone?
By all means, it's just down the hallway.
I thought we'd already agreed that we couldn't risk that information falling into his hands.
We already have a perfectly good plan.
We have two perfectly awful plans, and you know it.
So you want to add a third?
It's got the greatest chance of success.
It's also got the greatest chance of you getting locked in a cellar again.
You said it yourself, he doesn't trust easily.
What have I missed?
Trust me, being alone with my thoughts was far more disturbing.
Some company is very welcome right now.
That's what I came to talk to you about.
They both stormed out, neither thinking to fill me in on where they were going.
I'd hoped they'd be back soon, but now I'm really starting to worry.
Do you know what they're up to?
Without knowing where they went, there's not much we can do but wait.
The meeting's set for tomorrow afternoon.
I thought we'd agreed that you wouldn't actually be meeting him?
Negotiations had to be flexible.
And just how do you think we're going to manage that?
It's good to see you up and about.
I'm not sure those were my exact words.
We didn't get the necklace.
If he had it on him then they'll have that, too.
The question of ownership would seem to be a more complicated one.
Might I enquire as to whom I'm addressing?
I assure you, none has a better claim upon that device than myself.
For a start, we both know that I have it.
Would you quit it with that racket!
I'm as much a prisoner as you.
And yet you enjoy a full range of motion.
I hope to finish a month or two before the term starts and travel around Europe a bit.
It takes me about 50 minutes to walk to work.
It's a nice walk though, with trees and a river and stuff.
I've been here over a month.
I don't drink so I wouldn't know.
A guy who'd been living here 3 years was just moving out.
There was a hunger strike going on outside when I was there.
Wasn't there a command line client for ordering pizza somewhere?
We should all go back to living in the trees, much simpler.
No one near the remote machine you could ring?
I get the feeling that's what I probably sound like to Germans.
I'll stick to bad puns in the future, I think.
But I don't think they enforced it much.
I think it takes a while to become active.
I always use dancing hamsters to help me visualise data.
Still not sure why you'd want to do it though.
Okay, there is not a lot to do at the moment.
I tend to avoid speaking to customers much, mostly because of my limited German. 
It's just a quick train ride away.
We're also being given a half day on Monday to go and enjoy it.
I might actually be driving with some coworkers.
I don't think it's as uncommon as you think.
I could be wrong, but it's somewhere in that region.
I doubt they're upgrading without informing people first.
It's a bit of a pain to get everything set up the first time.
I'm not sure what situations they'd be useful for.
I got two nice guitars from there.
Didn't they have any guitars you liked?
When I'm buying a guitar I tend to just fiddle with lots until I find one I really like.
They can give you an idea of how the different guitars compare and what they'll sound like when played properly.
Well, there's a big difference in sound.
Steel can be pretty rough on your fingers when you're just getting to grips with it.
It gives a very nice, deep sound.
They might offer it to you a bit cheaper.
I just worked the tills for a couple of months then got too bored and left.
I feel I should at least get some use out of it.
They sit on lots of patents for stuff.
It's a pretty specialized position.
I like the light tent pictures, too.
I could easily be wrong, so that's just a guess.
We now have about 40 staff members in the main German office.
I think you might quite like to see them.
Beds, beaches, and lawns are good for reading.
He'll appreciate your honesty.
Well, you shouldn't have any trouble then.
I'm no good at keeping an early rising routine.
It's a very good thing to learn about.
I now have a tan that ends abruptly at my knuckles where they were curled over my handlebars.
I sat in on part of a law lecture once.
I'll take a glance if you like.
No idea how it compares in terms of speed.
Doesn't look like that package is still around somewhere.
I'm just writing code to simulate an omnidirectional camera at the moment.
I get to test stuff in the robotics lab.
You can get reasonable at the basics in a few hours.
Making a robot out of ice cream seems very impractical.
The bit between the two car parks?
It's not something I've ever done.
Can't remember where he appears now.
You're not psychotic, you just wish you were?
I tend to just daydream when I'm not doing anything much.
I'll see about doing that tonight then since I've managed to get all my work commitments out of the way.
The robotics group was talking about trying to snag some geography types to do some sort of collaboration.
They're trying to get people with vague ideas for projects to come together.
Okay, that seems fair.
My eyes glaze over just looking at it.
Every time I read through it, I seem to end up rephrasing things and making them shorter.
Right, it shouldn't be too difficult to rework then.
That research group page looked good, by the way.
It's pretty good for single word commands and such though.
It's a nice region.
Not much snow when I was there.
They're not terribly picky.
That's not exactly a widely used piece of software.
I'll be travelling home on Saturday, so probably I won't get anything done then.
It shouldn't be displayed on any book pages, or should it?
Have you tested that and found it not to work?
Perhaps,  you should just grow sea monkeys.
I'm making a robotic guide dog for my dissertation.
I'll forward you the latest email.
Quietness is my normal mode when confronted with lots of random new people.
Actually, quietness is my normal mode in most situations.
Yeah, I had a bit of a poke at that and failed to work out what was wrong.
That's the only chess game I ever played.
I sucked at it, but it was much more fun than most normal chess games.
I did a presentation on silicon chip production and built a proximity sensor for activating garage lights when a car entered.
The library have the unabridged edition, or at least they did a couple of years ago.
I'm definitely out of practice actually writing stuff, too.
I'm liking the sound of this ostrich egg based economy.
I tried so hard to keep myself aloof from your antics.
Shall I meet you in the concourse then?
What time will you be heading across?
I feel like a charlatan using that lift though.
I'd rather just wait a few extra weeks than spend 40 quid.
Take moody black and white photos of people moping in the dark.
We used to just dismantle and hide our sofa in someone's boot.
I found one other vegetarian while I was there.
I'm free pretty much all afternoon.
I'll meet you in the reception area.
Yeah, at least that's the last I heard.
I'm not sure I'd notice the difference.
You could go for a brisk walk up Constitution Hill or something.
Quite a nice view of the town from up there, and it's easy to find.
It's fairly small as hills around here go.
Otherwise you could hide yourself away in some coffee shop or other for a bit.
I want to do more neat robot vision stuff.
Even my research proposal cites about 5 of his papers.
There seems to be some leniency in when the final submission is needed by.
I'm not really sure what's involved in that.
I'm actually planning to try and build a robotics platform around one of those phones.
Do you want to eat first?
Shall I head up now then?
You actually have to do proper work.
What is it you want to research?
I think most people tend to dress pretty casually.
I seem to remember just wearing a t-shirt and jeans.
I go with a random approach to word order in German.
They never did that when I visited.
When I visited everyone had individual interviews.
I think it was pretty soon after getting back from Belgium.
I think I might have gotten a bit bored on that project.
I don't mind having a stab at it this evening if you remind me.
Where can I apply for the job of a millionaire?
Everyone else is smarter than me, and there's only 12 positions across the whole uni.
Well, this is a pretty long shot, but why the heck not? 
Yeah, I'll look in to it.
I thought they navigated based on pheromone trails or something, but apparently not.
I want something that magically transcribes music.
I have no idea what complexity science is.
There's a bunch of school kids in there now.
Do you want to pack before we go out?
I'll meet you in your office then.
I think they're both looking for some sort of new work.
Ready for me to head over?
Just tell me when you're ready.
Complicated is almost always bad.
We can build an army of killer robots.
I hear they do that sort of thing a lot.
It's a nice place to walk around if you decide to go over there. 
Everything authenticates with the main password now.
You guys should try starting small.
I won't be back until next Sunday.
Perhaps, I didn't fill in the right paperwork.
Couple of small bugs, but it gets from one place to another.
There's just one last bug I'd like to fix before I head home.
I was wondering about making an out-takes reel or something.
I haven't had time to get down to the lab and try it since I got it working.
I'm just sitting around watching a video at the moment.
We have an excess of squirrels.
They break in and steal food from the kitchen.
Sheep farming is a competitive world these days.
But do you have a lab full of robots?
I wasn't certain it'd work at all yesterday.
I think you might have mentioned it.
I'm sure they'll be happy to help.
I'm just using the standard report style.
You could type it up manually.
Cowboys used to train badgers to help them herd cattle.
I don't even bother trying to get spiders out of my boat anymore, they're just maintenance-free pets.
Swans try and eat my home sometimes.
My dog barks when strangers arrive.
Every evening, the dogs in our neighbourhood are howling.
Since I've gotten a dog, the regular visits of the fox have stopped.
Our bitch had puppies, do you want one?
Our earth is geologically active, while other planets in the solar system are not.
The funny thing about the horizon is that you can't reach it.
Raleigh scattering is perceived by humans as very beautiful.
Fortunately for us, our sun will continue to be around for a few billion years.
The sun is friendly right now, but it will turn on us and consume this planet.
There are countless possibilities of arranging pieces on a board of chess.
The failed acquisition has sparkled doubts on whether the company's leadership is competent.
For the third quarter in succession, the company didn't manage to leave red numbers.
This company has turned out to be a great success, despite doubts in earlier years.
Sometimes it's smarter to wait, while sometimes you should act.
Last week our fridge broke which forced us to eat lots of ice cream.
This artful creation is more than just a picture, it's a statement by the artist.
The underwater cave is hard to access.
This invention might mean the end of all illness.
On the brink of the fourteenth century, nobody had mobile phones.
The rule is to not let any foreigners in.
The locals had the advantage of knowing the secure path through the marsh.
The future has never been so bright than today.
What have you caused all of this trouble for?
If you dig this tunnel below the building it will collapse, so I urge you to not do it.
It's impolite to ask a tree for its story unless you are ready to hear it in full length.
Eighteen months after the animal has been reported missing it was finally in its owner's arms again.
Many scientists work their entire careers on this, and you say you have solved this in a single afternoon?
Could you give me a piece of bread please?
This is the only building that was left unaffected by fire.
It's a miracle that nobody has found out about this yet.
Why haven't you been to my funeral?
Entering this area is forbidden without stroking the owner's cat first.
The building site was vacated.
The rule has been long and prosperous.
For this entire evening, you have been staring at that waitress!
I have never seen this approach to this issue, but it might work.
This specific approach won't bear any fruit.
The noise came from the basement.
The planet's core is made of solid gold, but every traveller attempting to recover some didn't return.
What did your books tell you about this epoch of the city?
Science has been arguing about the zoological classification of the species for decades.
Our best bet is that this animal is only active at night.
The train is probably the best way to get there.
I don't think this theory explains why the particles attract each other this strongly.
The wine collection is tremendous.
For the best part of its life, the table has been standing in the basement.
I haven't been to this airport in years.
The twenty million dollar project is projected to be finished in eight weeks.
Maybe this is something of great importance.
I'm not familiar with the books this author wrote.
About one in twenty.
I've been very busy the last few weeks.
You can't see the planet with the naked eye.
We have recovered most of the deleted files, but some are still being processed.
The worst outcome is that the company refuses the offer.
In the short term future, prices will triple.
This isn't knitting, it's weaving.
The cobalt mine has been abandoned decades ago.
In my wildest dream I hadn't thought that this would happen.
The egg's shell is hard and brittle, while the interior is sticky on the fingers.
Opposite to the main building, you can see the guest house.
Don't believe the lies they are telling you, invent your own instead.
This investment won't pay off.
The boss level is easy.
If a pen has no ink, it's broken.
Moreover, I won't be needed for the next two days.
The damage to the cloth has been repaired quickly.
Immediately after the robbers left the bank, the police were informed.
The first concern is to patch the holes in the ship, then we can pump out the water.
Its easier to endure the cold if you have a warm drink in the belly.
Since it's been repaired, the car hasn't shown the issue any more.
I don't think this wall should be painted the way you suggested.
This carpet is full of lice.
Are you on the guest list?
I welcome you to my humble dwellings.
The garden is older than the house in fact.
Hopefully this will actually be a lasting fix to the issue, and not just a short term fix.
The irregular pattern comes from the pseudorandomness of the function.
The cable doesn't end in the wall plug, but it goes all the way to the power plant.
After the dictator's rule of forty three years was over, the country was devastated.
I have pondered about the issue a bit and arrived at the conclusion that it is non-trivial.
The irrigation system will be fixed within a week.
I'll start my first peach harvest later this year.
I've brought you some cheese, because I know you love cheese.
Thousands of years ago, this town was the center of an ancient civilisation.
Some scientists believe the origin of this oscillating signal to be a neutron star.
The list of shortcomings grows longer and longer.
Amazingly, the wall made of iron didn't feel cold.
The building has been the home base of the illegal enterprise for decades.
The deciding battle of the war has been fought in this valley.
If you add another two storeys, you'll need more support pillars.
For most owners of the car model, the issue isn't noticeable.
The second product of the company turned out to be a great success.
The train came thirteen minutes late.
The issue can be avoided entirely.
This no good alternative.
The shop is open from 8am to 8pm.
The shop is closed on Mondays.
If you tell me why you came here, I'll show you the project I've been working on.
It's too early to tell whether the strategy will pay off.
The story of the city starts a few thousand years ago.
The command was given to erect an outpost to defend strikes from the east.
The little town quickly evolved into a trade center between east and west.
It was located on a shallow river crossing.
The river marked a natural border.
At most places, the river was too deep to cross.
Also, at many places it was hard to leave the water.
Later, a bridge was built.
Anyone passing the bridge had to pay.
In the first few centuries of the town's existence, it was a wooden bridge.
Two hundred years after founding, the town got the right to mint its own coin.
This was thanks to gold being discovered and the building of gold mines.
The city had once been famous for its yearly celebrations.
The celebrations would last a month and include free games and free food.
They were financed through a special celebration tax.
It was raised from everyone who entered the city during the celebration period.
Back in those days, it went really well for the city.
The huge city walls gave the wall epoch its name.
The epoch lasted two hundred years.
The period was enabled by novel stone working techniques.
During the epoch, a majority of the city's buildings were erected.
For example, two of the five bridges in the city today were built back then.
One bridge was only to be used by citizens.
Passing the bridge was free.
The other bridge was for everyone else.
For passing the general bridge, you had to pay.
The first bridge had been funded by rich citizens.
This wasn't just a selfless act, they wanted to become elected.
And they actually were elected into the city council.
This made them even richer.
The second bridge had been funded by public resources to raise taxes.
Today, anyone can pass both bridges for free, but one is closed to cars.
Six hundred years after its founding, the city was at the peak of its building activity.
The city leaders recognized a military threat from the east.
They chose to build strong stone walls around the city.
At the time of their building, the walls were thought to be impenetrable.
Later on, it turned out that the walls were not impenetrable.
For a long time, the city's downfall was attributed to its second sacking.
In fact, this view is still present in many outdated teaching materials.
But recently, the view has been replaced by a more nuanced explanation.
First, the land based trade route between east and west lost relevance.
The north passage became ice-free.
It provided an alternative and cheaper route.
Ship technology has improved.
It was possible to sail the entire route in one go.
Also there was a decrease in trade interest between east and west.
Second, the mines around the city got depleted.
The mines had to be abandoned.
This obviously hurt the economy, as well as city income.
The mines had been ran by the city council.
The two events, less trade and no more gold mines, forced the mint to close.
Third, the empire had shifted its military focus to the west.
Due to this, the city lost a majority of its stationed soldiers.
The city guard had to be reduced as well due to finance shortages.
The loss exposed the city to foreign attackers.
In the end this led to the second sacking of the city.
There was no replacement for armed forces lost in the fight.
There was not enough economic power left to rebuild the city guards.
It didn't help that back then the empire was in the midst of a succession conflict.
So the city was left defenseless for a period of 20 years.
It led to a large exodus of the city, with a majority of the population leaving.
After the empire got a stable government again, the city was reclaimed.
But it was only an image of its former self.
After its demise, the city would never attain its old glory again.
Many of the old buildings still exist today.
Today, people in the city are very thankful for this fact.
Unlike in other cities, most of the buildings weren't destroyed in later times.
This is probably because the buildings were made out of stone.
Stone buildings don't burn.
Another reason is that the city missed out on later economic developments.
So there was no pressure to demolish old buildings to put new ones at their place.
Those buildings and the history around them attract thousands of tourists.
Today, tourism is one of the major economic factors inside the city.
Fortunately its not the sole driving factor of the local economy.
In recent years, the city gained international attention.
The local internet economy is very strong.
It's still young, but who knows where it will lead us.
The final chapter in the city's history has not been opened yet.
The attraction between moon and earth goes both ways, which causes tides.
Marine life has adapted to tides.
Different species have different ways of dealing with tides.
At the start of the 21st century, we are searching for alternative energy sources.
Oil doesn't make it anymore, it harms the climate.
Same for coal.
I wonder whether we will be able to harvest energy from fusion reactors.
Solar seems like a good replacement.
The solar industry has been on the rise recently.
Prices for solar panels have dropped in past years.
In many areas, there is enough sun so that solar is cheaper than anything else.
Critics say that this is only possible through subsidies.
This view is wrong though.
Other energy sources receive subsidies as well, often much higher.
Also, oil and coal have hidden costs that others have to pay.
That's often due to their nature.
The term for these hidden costs is "Externalities".
One economic mechanism of exposing these costs is internalizing them.
So basically establishing a system where the externalities are added to the price.
This can be done by a tax on oil.
Alternatively, by making oil companies pay for externalities.
Both of these will lead to higher oil prices and make renewables more attractive.
We will tackle this issue, I hope.
In the end it boils down to how much we want it to be solved.
If we actually do want it solved, it will be.
The birch canoe slid on the smooth planks.
Glue the sheet to the dark blue background.
It's easy to tell the depth of a well.
These days a chicken leg is a rare dish.
Rice is often served in round bowls.
The juice of lemons makes fine punch.
The box was thrown beside the parked truck.
The hogs were fed chopped corn and garbage.
Four hours of steady work faced us.
A large size in stockings is hard to sell.
The boy was there when the sun rose.
A rod is used to catch pink salmon.
The source of the huge river is the clear spring.
Kick the ball straight and follow through.
Help the woman get back to her feet.
A pot of tea helps to pass the evening.
Smoky fires lack flame and heat.
The soft cushion broke the man's fall.
The salt breeze came across from the sea.
The girl at the booth sold fifty bonds.
The small pup gnawed a hole in the sock.
The fish twisted and turned on the bent hook.
Press the pants and sew a button on the vest.
The swan dive was far short of perfect.
The beauty of the view stunned the young boy.
Two blue fish swam in the tank.
Her purse was full of useless trash.
The colt reared and threw the tall rider.
It snowed, rained, and hailed the same morning.
Read verse out loud for pleasure.
Hoist the load to your left shoulder.
Take the winding path to reach the lake.
Note closely the size of the gas tank.
Wipe the grease off his dirty face.
Mend the coat before you go out.
The wrist was badly strained and hung limp.
The stray cat gave birth to kittens.
The young girl gave no clear response.
The meal was cooked before the bell rang.
What joy there is in living?
A king ruled the state in the early days.
The ship was torn apart on the sharp reef.
Sickness kept him home the third week.
The wide road shimmered in the hot sun.
The lazy cow lay in the cool grass.
Lift the square stone over the fence.
The rope will bind the seven books at once.
Hop over the fence and plunge in.
The friendly gang left the drug store.
Mesh wire keeps chicks inside.
The frosty air passed through the coat.
The crooked maze failed to fool the mouse.
Adding fast leads to wrong sums.
The show was a flop from the very start.
A saw is a tool used for making boards.
The wagon moved on well oiled wheels.
March the soldiers past the next hill.
A cup of sugar makes sweet fudge.
Place a rosebush near the porch steps.
Both lost their lives in the raging storm.
We talked of the side show in the circus.
Use a pencil to write the first draft.
He ran half way to the hardware store.
The clock struck to mark the third period.
A small creek cut across the field.
Cars and busses stalled in snow drifts.
The set of china hit the floor with a crash.
This is a grand season for hikes on the road.
The dune rose from the edge of the water.
Those words were the cue for the actor to leave.
A yacht slid around the point into the bay.
The two met while playing on the sand.
The ink stain dried on the finished page.
The walled town was seized without a fight.
The lease ran out in sixteen weeks.
A tame squirrel makes a nice pet.
The horn of the car woke the sleeping cop.
The heart beat strongly and with firm strokes.
The pearl was worn in a thin silver ring.
The fruit peel was cut in thick slices.
The Navy attacked the big task force.
See the cat glaring at the scared mouse.
There are more than two factors here.
The hat brim was wide and too droopy.
The lawyer tried to lose his case.
The grass curled around the fence post.
Cut the pie into large parts.
Men strive but seldom get rich.
Always close the barn door tight.
He lay prone and hardly moved a limb.
The slush lay deep along the street.
A wisp of cloud hung in the blue air.
A pound of sugar costs more than eggs.
The fin was sharp and cut the clear water.
The play seems dull and quite stupid.
Bail the boat to stop it from sinking.
The term ended in late June that year.
A Tusk is used to make costly gifts.
Ten pins were set in order.
The bill was paid every third week.
Oak is strong and also gives shade.
Cats and Dogs each hate the other.
The pipe began to rust while new.
Open the crate but don't break the glass.
Add the sum to the product of these three.
Thieves who rob friends deserve jail.
The ripe taste of cheese improves with age.
Act on these orders with great speed.
The hog crawled under the high fence.
Move the vat over the hot fire.
The bark of the pine tree was shiny and dark.
Leaves turn brown and yellow in the fall.
The pennant waved when the wind blew.
Split the log with a quick, sharp blow.
Burn peat after the logs give out.
He ordered peach pie with ice cream.
Weave the carpet on the right hand side.
Hemp is a weed found in parts of the tropics.
A lame back kept his score low.
We find joy in the simplest things.
Type out three lists of orders.
The harder he tried the less he got done.
The boss ran the show with a watchful eye.
The cup cracked and spilled its contents.
Paste can cleanse the most dirty brass.
The slang word for raw whiskey is booze.
It caught its hind paw in a rusty trap.
The wharf could be seen at the farther shore.
Feel the heat of the weak dying flame.
The tiny girl took off her hat.
A cramp is no small danger on a swim.
He said the same phrase thirty times.
Pluck the bright rose without leaves.
Two plus seven is less than ten.
The glow deepened in the eyes of the sweet girl.
Bring your problems to the wise chief.
Write a fond note to the friend you cherish.
Clothes and lodging are free to new men.
We frown when events take a bad turn.
Port is a strong wine with a smoky taste.
The young kid jumped the rusty gate.
Guess the result from the first scores.
A salt pickle tastes fine with ham.
The just claim got the right verdict.
Those thistles bend in a high wind.
Pure bred poodles have curls.
The tree top waved in a graceful way.
The spot on the blotter was made by green ink.
Mud was spattered on the front of his white shirt.
The cigar burned a hole in the desk top.
The empty flask stood on the tin tray.
A speedy man can beat this track mark.
He broke a new shoelace that day.
The coffee stand is too high for the couch.
The urge to write short stories is rare.
The pencils have all been used.
The pirates seized the crew of the lost ship.
We tried to replace the coin but failed.
She sewed the torn coat quite neatly.
The sofa cushion is red and of light weight.
The jacket hung on the back of the wide chair.
At that high level the air is pure.
Drop the two when you add the figures.
A filing case is now hard to buy.
An abrupt start does not win the prize.
Wood is best for making toys and blocks.
The office paint was a dull, sad tan.
He knew the skill of the great young actress.
A rag will soak up spilled water.
A shower of dirt fell from the hot pipes.
Steam hissed from the broken valve.
The child almost hurt the small dog.
There was a sound of dry leaves outside.
The sky that morning was clear and bright blue.
Torn scraps littered the stone floor.
Sunday is the best part of the week.
The doctor cured him with these pills.
The new girl was fired today at noon.
They felt gay when the ship arrived in port.
Add the store's account to the last cent.
Acid burns holes in wool cloth.
Fairy tales should be fun to write.
Eight miles of woodland burned to waste.
The third act was dull and tired the players.
A young child should not suffer fright.
Add the column and put the sum here.
We admire and love a good cook.
There the flood mark is ten inches.
He carved a head from the round block of marble.
She has a smart way of wearing clothes.
The fruit of a fig tree is apple shaped.
Corn cobs can be used to kindle a fire.
Where were they when the noise started.
The paper box is full of thumb tacks.
Sell your gift to a buyer at a good gain.
The tongs lay beside the ice pail.
The petals fall with the next puff of wind.
Bring your best compass to the third class.
They could laugh although they were sad.
Farmers came in to thresh the oat crop.
The brown house was on fire to the attic.
The lure is used to catch trout and flounder.
Float the soap on top of the bath water.
A blue crane is a tall wading bird.
A fresh start will work such wonders.
The club rented the rink for the fifth night.
After the dance, they went straight home.
The hostess taught the new maid to serve.
He wrote his last novel there at the inn.
Even the worst will beat his low score.
The cement had dried when he moved it.
The loss of the second ship was hard to take.
The fly made its way along the wall.
Do that with a wooden stick.
Live wires should be kept covered.
The large house had hot water taps.
It is hard to erase blue or red ink.
Write at once or you may forget it.
The doorknob was made of bright clean brass.
The wreck occurred by the bank on Main Street.
A pencil with black lead writes best.
Coax a young calf to drink from a bucket.
Schools for ladies teach charm and grace.
The lamp shone with a steady green flame.
They took the axe and the saw to the forest.
The ancient coin was quite dull and worn.
The shaky barn fell with a loud crash.
Jazz and swing fans like fast music.
Rake the rubbish up and then burn it.
Slash the gold cloth into fine ribbons.
Try to have the court decide the case.
They are pushed back each time they attack.
He broke his ties with groups of former friends.
They floated on the raft to sun their white backs.
The map had an X that meant nothing.
Whitings are small fish caught in nets.
Some ads serve to cheat buyers.
Jerk the rope and the bell rings weakly.
A waxed floor makes us lose balance.
Madam, this is the best brand of corn.
On the islands the sea breeze is soft and mild.
The play began as soon as we sat down.
This will lead the world to more sound and fury.
Add salt before you fry the egg.
The rush for funds reached its peak Tuesday.
The birch looked stark white and lonesome.
The box is held by a bright red snapper.
To make pure ice, you freeze water.
The first worm gets snapped early.
Jump the fence and hurry up the bank.
Yell and clap as the curtain slides back.
They are men who walk the middle of the road.
Both brothers wear the same size.
In some form or other we need fun.
The prince ordered his head chopped off.
The houses are built of red clay bricks.
Ducks fly north but lack a compass.
Fruit flavors are used in fizz drinks.
These pills do less good than others.
Canned pears lack full flavor.
The dark pot hung in the front closet.
Carry the pail to the wall and spill it there.
The train brought our hero to the big town.
We are sure that one war is enough.
Gray paint stretched for miles around.
The rude laugh filled the empty room.
High seats are best for football fans.
Tea served from the brown jug is tasty.
A dash of pepper spoils beef stew.
A zestful food is the hot-cross bun.
The horse trotted around the field at a brisk pace.
Find the twin who stole the pearl necklace.
Cut the cord that binds the box tightly.
The red tape bound the smuggled food.
Look in the corner to find the tan shirt.
The cold drizzle will halt the bond drive.
Nine men were hired to dig the ruins.
The junk yard had a mouldy smell.
The flint sputtered and lit a pine torch.
Soak the cloth and drown the sharp odor.
The shelves were bare of both jam or crackers.
A joy to every child is the swan boat.
All sat frozen and watched the screen.
A cloud of dust stung his tender eyes.
To reach the end he needs much courage.
Shape the clay gently into block form.
A ridge on a smooth surface is a bump or flaw.
Hedge apples may stain your hands green.
Quench your thirst, then eat the crackers.
Tight curls get limp on rainy days.
The mute muffled the high tones of the horn.
The gold ring fits only a pierced ear.
The old pan was covered with hard fudge.
Watch the log float in the wide river.
The node on the stalk of wheat grew daily.
The heap of fallen leaves was set on fire.
Write fast if you want to finish early.
His shirt was clean but one button was gone.
The barrel of beer was a brew of malt and hops.
Tin cans are absent from store shelves.
Slide the box into that empty space.
The plant grew large and green in the window.
The beam dropped down on the workman's head.
Pink clouds floated with the breeze.
She danced like a swan, tall and graceful.
The tube was blown and the tire flat and useless.
It is late morning on the old wall clock.
Let's all join as we sing the last chorus.
The last switch cannot be turned off.
The fight will end in just six minutes.
The store walls were lined with colored frocks.
The peace league met to discuss their plans.
The rise to fame of a person takes luck.
Paper is scarce, so write with much care.
The quick fox jumped on the sleeping cat.
The nozzle of the fire hose was bright brass.
Screw the round cap on as tight as needed.
Time brings us many changes.
The purple tie was ten years old.
Men think and plan and sometimes act.
Fill the ink jar with sticky glue.
He smoke a big pipe with strong contents.
We need grain to keep our mules healthy.
Pack the records in a neat thin case.
The crunch of feet in the snow was the only sound.
The copper bowl shone in the sun's rays.
Boards will warp unless kept dry.
The plush chair leaned against the wall.
Glass will clink when struck by metal.
Bathe and relax in the cool green grass.
Nine rows of soldiers stood in a line.
The beach is dry and shallow at low tide.
The idea is to sew both edges straight.
The kitten chased the dog down the street.
Pages bound in cloth make a book.
Try to trace the fine lines of the painting.
Women form less than half of the group.
The zones merge in the central part of town.
A gem in the rough needs work to polish.
Code is used when secrets are sent.
Most of the news is easy for us to hear.
He used the lathe to make brass objects.
The vane on top of the pole revolved in the wind.
Mince pie is a dish served to children.
The clan gathered on each dull night.
Let it burn, it gives us warmth and comfort.
A castle built from sand fails to endure.
A child's wit saved the day for us.
Tack the strip of carpet to the worn floor.
Next Tuesday we must vote.
Pour the stew from the pot into the plate.
Each penny shone like new.
The man went to the woods to gather sticks.
The dirt piles were lines along the road.
The logs fell and tumbled into the clear stream.
Just hoist it up and take it away.
A ripe plum is fit for a king's palate.
Our plans right now are hazy.
Brass rings are sold by these natives.
It takes a good trap to capture a bear.
Feed the white mouse some flower seeds.
The thaw came early and freed the stream.
He took the lead and kept it the whole distance.
The key you designed will fit the lock.
Plead to the council to free the poor thief.
Better hash is made of rare beef.
This plank was made for walking on.
The lake sparkled in the red hot sun.
He crawled with care along the ledge.
Tend the sheep while the dog wanders.
It takes a lot of help to finish these.
Mark the spot with a sign painted red.
Take two shares as a fair profit.
The fur of cats goes by many names.
North winds bring colds and fevers.
He asks no person to vouch for him.
Go now and come here later.
A sash of gold silk will trim her dress.
Soap can wash most dirt away.
That move means the game is over.
He wrote down a long list of items.
A siege will crack the strong defense.
Grape juice and water mix well.
Roads are paved with sticky tar.
Fake stones shine but cost little.
The drip of the rain made a pleasant sound.
Smoke poured out of every crack.
Serve the hot rum to the tired heroes.
Much of the story makes good sense.
The sun came up to light the eastern sky.
Heave the line over the port side.
A lathe cuts and trims any wood.
It's a dense crowd in two distinct ways.
His hip struck the knee of the next player.
The stale smell of old beer lingers.
The desk was firm on the shaky floor.
It takes heat to bring out the odor.
Beef is scarcer than some lamb.
Raise the sail and steer the ship northward.
A cone costs five cents on Mondays.
A pod is what peas always grow in.
Jerk that dart from the cork target.
No cement will hold hard wood.
We now have a new base for shipping.
A list of names is carved around the base.
The sheep were led home by a dog.
Three for a dime, the young peddler cried.
The sense of smell is better than that of touch.
No hardship seemed to make him sad.
Grace makes up for lack of beauty.
Nudge gently but wake her now.
The news struck doubt into restless minds.
Once we stood beside the shore.
A chink in the wall allowed a draft to blow.
Fasten two pins on each side.
A cold dip restores health and zest.
He takes the oath of office each March.
The sand drifts over the sills of the old house.
The point of the steel pen was bent and twisted.
There is a lag between thought and act.
Seed is needed to plant the spring corn.
Draw the chart with heavy black lines.
The boy owed his pal thirty cents.
The chap slipped into the crowd and was lost.
Hats are worn to tea and not to dinner.
The ramp led up to the wide highway.
Beat the dust from the rug onto the lawn.
Say it slowly but make it ring clear.
The straw nest housed five robins.
Screen the porch with woven straw mats.
This horse will nose his way to the finish.
The dry wax protects the deep scratch.
He picked up the dice for a second roll.
These coins will be needed to pay his debt.
The nag pulled the frail cart along.
Twist the valve and release hot steam.
The vamp of the shoe had a gold buckle.
The smell of burned rags itches my nose.
New pants lack cuffs and pockets.
The marsh will freeze when cold enough.
They slice the sausage thin with a knife.
The bloom of the rose lasts a few days.
A gray mare walked before the colt.
Breakfast buns are fine with a hot drink.
Bottles hold four kinds of rum.
The man wore a feather in his felt hat.
He wheeled the bike past the winding road.
Drop the ashes on the worn old rug.
The desk and both chairs were painted tan.
Throw out the used paper cup and plate.
A clean neck means a neat collar.
The couch cover and hall drapes were blue.
The stems of the tall glasses cracked and broke.
The wall phone rang loud and often.
The clothes dried on a thin wooden rack.
Turn out the lantern which gives us light.
The cleat sank deeply into the soft turf.
The bills were mailed promptly on the tenth of the month.
To have is better than to wait and hope.
The price is fair for a good antique clock.
The music played on while they talked.
Dispense with a vest on a day like this.
The bunch of grapes was pressed into wine.
He sent the figs, but kept the ripe cherries.
The hinge on the door creaked with old age.
The screen before the fire kept in the sparks.
Fly by night and you waste little time.
Thick glasses helped him read the print.
Birth and death marks the limits of life.
The chair looked strong but had no bottom.
The kite flew wildly in the high wind.
A fur muff is stylish once more.
The tin box held priceless stones.
We need an end of all such matter.
The case was puzzling to the old and wise.
The bright lanterns were gay on the dark lawn.
We don't get much money but we have fun.
The youth drove with zest, but little skill.
Five years he lived with a shaggy dog.
A fence cuts through the corner lot.
The way to save money is not to spend much.
Shut the hatch before the waves push it in.
The odor of spring makes young hearts jump.
Crack the walnut with your sharp side teeth.
He offered proof in the form of a large chart.
Send the stuff in a thick paper bag.
A quart of milk is water for the most part.
They told wild tales to frighten him.
The three story house was built of stone.
In the rear of the ground floor was a large passage.
A man in a blue sweater sat at the desk.
Oats are a food eaten by horse and man.
Their eyelids droop for want of sleep.
A sip of tea revives his tired friend.
There are many ways to do these things.
Tuck the sheet under the edge of the mat.
A force equal to that would move the earth.
We like to see clear weather.
The work of the tailor is seen on each side.
Take a chance and win a china doll.
Shake the dust from your shoes, stranger.
She was kind to sick old people.
The square wooden crate was packed to be shipped.
The dusty bench stood by the stone wall.
We dress to suit the weather of most days.
Smile when you say nasty words.
A bowl of rice is free with chicken stew.
The water in this well is a source of good health.
Take shelter in this tent, but keep still.
That guy is the writer of a few banned books.
The little tales they tell are false.
The door was barred, locked, and bolted as well.
Ripe pears are fit for a queen's table.
A big wet stain was on the round carpet.
The kite dipped and swayed, but stayed aloft.
The pleasant hours fly by much too soon.
The room was crowded with a wild mob.
This strong arm shall shield your honor.
She blushed when he gave her a white orchid.
The beetle droned in the hot June sun.
Press the pedal with your left foot.
Neat plans fail without luck.
The black trunk fell from the landing.
The bank pressed for payment of the debt.
The theft of the pearl pin was kept secret.
Shake hands with this friendly child.
The vast space stretched into the far distance.
A rich farm is rare in this sandy waste.
His wide grin earned many friends.
Flax makes a fine brand of paper.
Hurdle the pit with the aid of a long pole.
A strong bid may scare your partner stiff.
Even a just cause needs power to win.
Peep under the tent and see the clowns.
The leaf drifts along with a slow spin.
Cheap clothes are flashy but don't last.
A thing of small note can cause despair.
Flood the mails with requests for this book.
A thick coat of black paint covered all.
The pencil was cut to be sharp at both ends.
Those last words were a strong statement.
He wrote his name boldly at the top of the sheet.
Dill pickles are sour but taste fine.
Down that road is the way to the grain farmer.
Either mud or dust are found at all times.
The best method is to fix it in place with clips.
If you mumble your speech will be lost.
At night the alarm roused him from a deep sleep.
Read just what the meter says.
Fill your pack with bright trinkets for the poor.
The small red neon lamp went out.
Clams are small, round, soft, and tasty.
The fan whirled its round blades softly.
The line where the edges join was clean.
Breathe deep and smell the piny air.
It matters not if he reads these words or those.
A brown leather bag hung from its strap.
A toad and a frog are hard to tell apart.
A white silk jacket goes with any shoes.
A break in the dam almost caused a flood.
Paint the sockets in the wall dull green.
The child crawled into the dense grass.
Bribes fail where honest men work.
Trample the spark, else the flames will spread.
The hilt of the sword was carved with fine designs.
A round hole was drilled through the thin board.
Footprints showed the path he took up the beach.
She was waiting at my front lawn.
A vent near the edge brought in fresh air.
Prod the old mule with a crooked stick.
It is a band of steel three inches wide.
The pipe ran almost the length of the ditch.
It was hidden from sight by a mass of leaves and shrubs.
The weight of the package was seen on the high scale.
Wake and rise, and step into the green outdoors.
The green light in the brown box flickered.
The brass tube circled the high wall.
The lobes of her ears were pierced to hold rings.
Hold the hammer near the end to drive the nail.
Next Sunday is the twelfth of the month.
Every word and phrase he speaks is true.
He put his last cartridge into the gun and fired.
They took their kids from the public school.
Drive the screw straight into the wood.
Keep the hatch tight and the watch constant.
Sever the twine with a quick snip of the knife.
Paper will dry out when wet.
Slide the catch back and open the desk.
Help the weak to preserve their strength.
A sullen smile gets few friends.
Stop whistling and watch the boys march.
Jerk the cord, and out tumbles the gold.
Slide the tray across the glass top.
The cloud moved in a stately way and was gone.
Light maple makes for a swell room.
Set the piece here and say nothing.
Dull stories make her laugh.
A stiff cord will do to fasten your shoe.
Get the trust fund to the bank early.
Choose between the high road and the low.
A plea for funds seems to come again.
He lent his coat to the tall gaunt stranger.
There is a strong chance it will happen once more.
The duke left the park in a silver coach.
Greet the new guests and leave quickly.
When the frost has come it is time for turkey.
Sweet words work better than fierce.
A thin stripe runs down the middle.
A six comes up more often than a ten.
Lush ferns grow on the lofty rocks.
The ram scared the school children off.
The team with the best timing looks good.
The farmer swapped his horse for a brown ox.
Sit on the perch and tell the others what to do.
A steep trail is painful for our feet.
The early phase of life moves fast.
Green moss grows on the northern side.
Tea in thin china has a sweet taste.
Pitch the straw through the door of the stable.
The latch on the back gate needed a nail.
The goose was brought straight from the old market.
The sink is the thing in which we pile dishes.
A whiff of it will cure the most stubborn cold.
The facts don't always show who is right.
She flaps her cape as she parades the street.
The loss of the cruiser was a blow to the fleet.
Loop the braid to the left and then over.
Plead with the lawyer to drop the lost cause.
Calves thrive on tender spring grass.
Post no bills on this office wall.
Tear a thin sheet from the yellow pad.
A cruise in warm waters in a sleek yacht is fun.
A streak of color ran down the left edge.
It was done before the boy could see it.
Crouch before you jump or miss the mark.
Pack the kits and don't forget the salt.
The square peg will settle in the round hole.
Fine soap saves tender skin.
Poached eggs and tea must suffice.
Bad nerves are jangled by a door slam.
Ship maps are different from those for planes.
Dimes showered down from all sides.
They sang the same tunes at each party.
The sky in the west is tinged with orange red.
The pods of peas ferment in bare fields.
The horse balked and threw the tall rider.
The hitch between the horse and cart broke.
Pile the coal high in the shed corner.
A gold vase is both rare and costly.
The knife was hung inside its bright sheath.
The rarest spice comes from the far East.
The roof should be tilted at a sharp slant.
A smatter of French is worse than none.
The mule trod the treadmill day and night.
The aim of the contest is to raise a great fund.
To send it now in large amounts is bad.
There is a fine hard tang in salty air.
Cod is the main business of the north shore.
The slab was hewn from heavy blocks of slate.
Dunk the stale biscuits into strong drink.
Hang tinsel from both branches.
Cap the jar with a tight brass cover.
The poor boy missed the boat again.
Be sure to set that lamp firmly in the hole.
Pick a card and slip it under the pack.
A round mat will cover the dull spot.
The first part of the plan needs changing.
A good book informs of what we ought to know.
The mail comes in three batches per day.
You cannot brew tea in a cold pot.
Dots of light betrayed the black cat.
Put the chart on the mantel and tack it down.
The night shift men rate extra pay.
The red paper brightened the dim stage.
See the player scoot to third base.
Slide the bill between the two leaves.
Many hands help get the job done.
We don't like to admit our small faults.
No doubt about the way the wind blows.
Dig deep in the earth for pirate's gold.
The steady drip is worse than a drenching rain.
A flat pack takes less luggage space.
Green ice frosted the punch bowl.
A stuffed chair slipped from the moving van.
The stitch will serve but needs to be shortened.
A thin book fits in the side pocket.
The gloss on top made it unfit to read.
The hail pattered on the burnt brown grass.
Seven seals were stamped on great sheets.
Our troops are set to strike heavy blows.
The store was jammed before the sale could start.
It was a bad error on the part of the new judge.
One step more and the board will collapse.
Take the match and strike it against your shoe.
The pot boiled but the contents failed to jell.
The baby puts his right foot in his mouth.
The bombs left most of the town in ruins.
Stop and stare at the hard working man.
The streets are narrow and full of sharp turns.
The pup jerked the leash as he saw a feline shape.
Open your book to the first page.
Fish evade the net and swim off.
Dip the pail once and let it settle.
Will you please answer that phone.
The big red apple fell to the ground.
The curtain rose and the show was on.
The young prince became heir to the throne.
He sent the boy on a short errand.
Leave now and you will arrive on time.
The corner store was robbed last night.
A gold ring will please most any girl.
The long journey home took a year.
She saw a cat in the neighbor's house.
A pink shell was found on the sandy beach.
Small children came to see him.
The grass and bushes were wet with dew.
The blind man counted his old coins.
A severe storm tore down the barn.
She called his name many times.
When you hear the bell, come quickly.
In this case, another block is added to the message.
This is required in order for the security proof to work.
Different hash variants exist.
Permute the words in a fixed pattern.
Index arithmetic is performed to create this.
The appended postfixes are written as bit strings.
There was also some confusion that internal changes were made.
In response to the controversy, they published an article.
The reduced capacity forms were published by the individuals.
I can help protect you. 
Shutting all systems down for the evening.
Although the reduced capacity was justifiable in their opinion, they stayed the course.
I'm literally a flying pony.
Did you check your laser?
A maser is a microwave amplification by stimulated emission of radiation.
Two-wave sources are perfectly coherent if they have a constant phase difference and the same frequency.
When interfering, two waves can be added together to create a wave of greater amplitude than either one.
I'm letting her out of the house.
He had to take him prisoner.
I have the key on myself.
According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee should be able to fly.
Do the roses compete in athletic events?
The coherence of two waves expresses how well correlated the waves are as quantified by the cross-correlation function.
Conversely, a wave whose phase drifts quickly will have a short coherence time.
Consider a tungsten light-bulb filament.
For polarized light, the end of the vector lies on the surface of the sphere.
Constructing a cipher or hash to exhibit a substantial avalanche effect is one of its primary design objectives.
The deadly monster kid made the news again.
The existence of such one-way functions is still an open conjecture.
A backdoor is a deliberate mechanism that is added to a cryptographic algorithm.
Many different classes of statistical tests have been considered in the literature.
A main application of pseudorandom generators lies in the de-randomization of computation that relies on randomness.
How does slow cooling of the hot gaseous state result in pure crystals?
Treat the problem with rigorous mathematical analysis.
There are numerous advantages of using optical devices for computing.
Fractals have found applications in image processing.
The population size depends on the nature of the problem.
It is hard or even impossible to define the fitness expression.
Opinion is divided over the importance of crossover versus mutation.
Algorithms are simple to implement.
Operating on dynamic data sets is difficult.
This particular form of encoding requires a specialized crossover mechanism.
Observe that commonly used crossover operators cannot change any uniform population.
Such an oscillating dipole moment can exchange energy with an electromagnetic wave of same frequency.
This frequency must appear in the absorption and emission spectrum of ionized hydrogen molecule.
Smaller ellipses create fewer reflections.
These losses can be minimized by using a close-coupled cavity.
The exact shape of the cavity is often dependent on how many lamps are used.
The output is highest in the near infrared.
The hot gas has many molecules in the upper excited states.
The results of the test were inconclusive, and it has not been repeated.
This would expose photographic plates and cause fluorescence.
He postulated a dispersion theory before his coworker made his discovery and announcement.
In addition, the feature axis is configurable.
The computational complexities of these methods are only proportional to the number of non-zero blocks.
The two operations have an identical performance.
The kernels in principle allow for much more exotic methods.
Sparse connectivity allows us to widen the network without increasing the number of parameters.
I did this to prevent cycling and encourage greater movement through the solution space.
Verify if the configuration file is valid.
Use this internally to implement a service.
List all the valid options that are scheduled to become obsolete in a future version.
This allows remote hosts to connect to local forwarded ports.
Specify the user to log in as on the remote machine.
Do not execute a remote command.
Control an active connection multiplexing master process.
Use this port to connect to on the remote host.
It causes most warning and diagnostic messages to be suppressed.
Can I be used to request invocation of a subsystem on the remote system?
Please send log information using the standard system module.
When the user's identity has been accepted by the server, you will be notified. 
Display a list of escape characters.
Client access may be more finely tuned via the configuration file.
This variable is set to indicate the present time.
Set the name of the user logging in.
This is used for host-based authentication.
Connect to the specified prompt server.
Detach the hydrogen atom from the cyanide molecule.
Doing a handstand needs a lot of practice to learn.
Astronomy might be complicated, but it's not rocket science.
Potatoes are less space-saving, durable and cheap than pasta.
Eggs, milk and flour are the main ingredients of pancakes.
Chickens lay so many eggs a week, it wouldn't be possible to breed them all.
Cheese is made from milk, as well as many other dairy products.
Agriculture was a very important achievement in human history.
It required people to settle down.
As long as there is water in a cooking pot, the temperature cannot rise above a hundred degrees Celsius.
Proteins have many functions in the human body.
The same is true for animals.
Charles Darwin became famous for his theory of evolution.
He voyaged on a ship called The Beagle.
Java is not only an island, but also a popular programming language.
Many programming languages are named after real people.
Java is not the same as JavaScript.
Embedded scripts from external sources can harm the users privacy.
Advertisements are rarely hosted by the same web server as the actual content.
Using script blockers is generally a good idea, but it requires the user to learn a bit.
Nobody is born as a hero but everyone can become a hero.
When you find a bug in software, please report it.
Before creating a new topic, please use the search function to find similar threads.
Always be constructive when you criticize others.
After writing a bug report, one should regularly check if someone responded.
Important information might be missing.
People should spend time on improving open-source projects instead of helping market dominating companies.
For example, instead of editing Google Maps, consider contributing to OpenStreetMap.
For users it is important that they can trust their operating system.
Opening the source code can be a measure to create trust in software.
Not everyone is able to read source code.
Even if you're an expert, reading all of it is often not feasible due to lack of time.
The package has been flagged as outdated.
In general, people have difficulties estimating risks correctly.
In Europe many people are afraid of terrorism although getting killed in a car accident is much more likely.
Thousands of people die every year as a consequence of air pollution.
It's always nice if you can learn something new, isn't it?
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Bravery is the ability to overcome fear.
Fear is often the cause of violence.
Communism is the opposite of capitalism.
Sometimes it's not the right thing to do the right thing.
Life is complicated.
Nobody said it would be easy.
Every purchase is a vote.
Think about that.
Thank you for reading this out loud.
You're doing a great job so far.
Yeah, I'm talking to you.
The servers of the common voice project couldn't handle the heavy load.
Mind the gap.
Don't trust the smiling penguin.
Tux is not smiling, he just looks nice all the time.
Lemon trees are not yellow, it's just the fruit.
Who would have thought that?
Do male kangaroos have a pouch?
Plastic bags turned out to be a problem for the environment.
Separation of garbage makes recycling possible.
Please don't be lazy.
Some people like sea gulls, others don't.
Television can make you dumb, but it can also be good education.
Drinking too much water in a short period of time can be lethal.
It is recommended to drink at least two liters of water a day.
On warm days and when doing sports you should drink more.
In Saudi Arabia water is more expensive than oil.
Most cars have air conditioning these days.
Turning the air conditioning on leads to increased fuel consumption.
Turning off gadgets that are not in use can save a lot of energy.
One of the world's biggest problems is the growth of the human population.
Education is very important.
Everyone should have the right to education.
Many people are not able to use their first language correctly.
Parents should look out for correct grammar and pronunciation when speaking to their children.
Reading is not the same as understanding.
Reading between the lines requires understanding.
Many people think computers will never have feelings.
At the same time, they cannot find an exact definition of what a feeling is.
Creativity is not something exclusive to humans.
Are children more creative than adults?
When playing, children often just reenact what they experienced before.
Artificial neural networks can do something very similar.
An important difference is the amount of experiences, that is to say inputs.
This behavior of neural networks is sometimes called dreaming.
The human brain is still not fully understood.
Voyager One has left our solar system.
Some people make the same mistakes over and over again.
There is no universal definition of intelligence, but everyone agrees that the ability of learning belongs to it.
Scientific work is hard.
The road was so steep that the biker had to shift down a few gears.
It's a pity most people do not know what gearshifts are good for.
Don't forget to brush your teeth in the morning.
The light-year is a unit of distance, not of time.
"This is a common misconception", Sheldon said.
The term "just my two cents" is about opinion, not about money.
Sticks and stones will break my bones but what doesn't kill me makes me strong.
Chess is a simulation of war.
Classification is, among other things, a discipline of machine learning.
Parachuting is dangerous.
There is a counter on the top left of the web page.
The moon is responsible for tides on earth.
The international space station is an awesome project.
The global positioning system works with triangulation.
In nineteen-sixty-nine the first man set foot on the moon's surface.
He bought some tinfoil to build a hat.
I have the most beautiful voice you have ever heard.
What he did was definitively illegal.
She was beautiful from behind, but he couldn't see her face yet.
She was accused of making wrong accusations.
"Before you go, I want to hug you", she said.
He could see tears in her eyes.
Watch out, blues ahead!
Diamonds are made under pressure.
Greece is the country where democracy was invented.
Watch your step!
Forget it, there is no such thing.
She apparently didn't listen.
Pencils down, time is over.
The kids loved to listen to his stories.
Aren't we godlike?
This horse has more than one horse power.
Even an ordinary man has more than one horse power, but gets tired quickly.
Being with him alone made her feel uncomfortable.
There is not even the possibility of doing that.
The file had a size of multiple gigabytes.
His Internet connection was too slow.
He got jailed for no reason.
The church is right next to the gas station.
The weather forecast for this week didn't look good at all.
She couldn't decide which dress to wear.
The chair lift took them up the mountain.
To calibrate the motion capture system, please do a T-pose.
The railway station was locked up by the police.
No-one knows what's behind this gate.
The runway seems way too short for this type of plane.
When she tried to withdraw some money from her bank account, the ATM claimed her card was invalid.
The men at the bar were obviously drunk.
Americans love to have a barbecue.
Fast-food is convenient but often unhealthy.
He offered the kids some ice-cream.
The cake is a lie.
The restaurant was quite expensive.
The library is open to everyone.
He felt unsafe like during his first lesson in driving school.
She learned how to play the piano in music school.
Visiting a university offers great chances for your career.
James Watt didn't invent the steam engine, but he improved it significantly.
After the accident, his bicycle had to be repaired.
The car however was not damaged.
The emergency team came quickly.
The least you can do is call Nine-One-One.
They rented a boat and went down the river.
When she called her friend for help with her computer, she repeatedly emphasized, that she hadn't done anything.
He nodded and said nothing.
Only a few meters away there is a bus station.
Improving the public transport system would help avoid traffic jams.
Taking the ferry was a wise choice.
There are four different sorts of fuel at this gas station.
Diesel is the cheapest one, because of lower taxes.
His speech ended with a standing ovation.
The motorcycle made a loud noise.
This parking space is for customers only.
Don't worry, I took a cab to get home safely.
The teller didn't have enough change.
Plastic surgery has become more popular.
There is a dentist and some other doctors inside this clinic.
When he was in hospital, the nurse took an x-ray photograph of his arm.
It was easy to see on the radiogram, that his bones were broken.
She went to the pharmacy to get her pills.
Taking part in road traffic is potentially dangerous after donating blood.
Emoticons are familiar to everyone nowadays.
There is a social facility on the other side of the road.
He lost a lot of money through gambling in the casino.
A new movie is shown for the first time in the cinema.
This picture is pure art.
A crowd of people stood around the fountain.
When she entered the dance floor, everyone in the nightclub was looking at her.
Wikipedia is a non-profit organization.
The clock in the town center was damaged by a lightning strike.
Water boarding is a terrible form of torture.
The lawyer successfully defended his client.
When the judge pronounced the death sentence, the defendant showed no emotion.
They were kissing in the backyard.
Two women were still missing when the firefighters arrived.
The agent secretly entered the embassy from the roof.
The ladder on the fire truck was not long enough.
How could this happen?
Linus is known for his clear and explicit language.
Policemen are investigating in this case.
Divers found a body in the lake.
To measure the performance accurately we need a benchmark.
Many soldiers of world war two have never been buried on a grave yard.
He went to gym to strengthen his muscles.
Please do not feed the ducks!
I'm not hungry, I'm starving.
Peer-to-peer networks are more robust than client-server architectures.
She bought cucumbers at the marketplace.
The European Union has often been criticized for their regulations.
You will need some rubber boots.
Although everything should be under the state's control, there is a lot of violence in prisons.
Surveillance does not always bring security.
Smoking is prohibited.
The mountain rescue team gave up its work.
She couldn't decide whether to take a shower or to have a bath.
Only one third of the rubbish is being recycled in this country.
Too much food is being wasted.
Firewalls can be used to protect a network against intruders.
There was a round table in the middle of the room.
The telephone didn't work without electricity.
He went to the vending machine and bought a coffee.
She couldn't find a waste basket.
She could not manage to climb over the fence.
One of the town's landmarks is the city-wall.
Even the guard rail couldn't stop the truck from falling off the bridge.
The government decided to focus on border control because of the refugees.
The chain rule is applied twice to this formula.
History teaches us that humans do not learn from history.
This farm had cattle, chicken, sheep and many other animals.
This part of the town was half residential, half industrial.
The determinant is the product of all eigenvectors of a matrix.
Today's world is full of commercials.
The bakery was next to the slaughterhouse.
He learned swimming in school.
This beer has been brewed in Germany, more specifically in Bavaria.
Take that fire extinguisher and put out the fire!
Forty-two is not a random number.
Lifeguards were standing on a tower, staring at the water.
Some of them had binoculars.
Oxygen is important for us, but some bacteria don't need it at all.
The phone call got interrupted for unknown reasons.
He was not able to find the words for his feelings.
The motorway is not the fastest connection between Hamburg and Munich.
Pedestrians were standing on a sidewalk paved with cobblestone.
Everyone has heard of the chicken and egg problem.
The frog had no chance to escape.
Three-phase alternating current is an efficient way of transmitting energy.
Bus-only lanes are debated controversially.
This building has an elevator which is necessary for wheelchairs.
The path through the forest was unlit and scary.
It was not clear who had the right of way, since the traffic lights were off.
The Chinese built a monorail train that floats on a magnetic field.
Excuse me, nudism is not allowed on this part of the beach.
Form follows function.
Laser tag is a game quite similar to paintball.
Although searching in binary search trees is efficient, you won't find any fruit in there.
Salmon is one of the most popular fish and very delicious, though usually not sustainable.
A group of people, one of them with a guitar, were sitting by the campfire and singing songs.
Golf stands for the letter G in the NATO phonetic alphabet.
Compiling the Linux kernel can be time consuming.
Good playgrounds have much more to offer than swings and slides.
Sunburn can be avoided by applying sunscreen or by staying in the shadows.
Bitcoin mining can be done with graphics cards or with specialized hardware.
Historic mills were usually powered by water, wind or horse power.
Inverse kinematics are a mathematical challenge for robot engineers.
Nobody knows how much ammunition the military has in its checkpoints.
Salim moved from India to the Netherlands.
Glaciers are melting because of global warming.
The peak of this mountain is over two thousand meters above sea level.
I hope some of the lines make you smile.
The Tropic of Capricorn is in the Southern Hemisphere.
Everyone should have health insurance.
Debian is an operating system which is free as in freedom.
Football is often confused with soccer.
Accidents in nuclear power plants are potentially catastrophic.
Cables need insulation to prevent short circuits.
Portals are used in many computer games to instantly travel from one place to another.
Burning fridges, televisions and washing machines are not as unusual as one might think.
Inline skates are like ice skates, but with wheels instead of blades.
All beverages in this shop are alcohol free.
A famous company from Sweden sells furniture in many countries of the world.
When I have read a million of these sentences, I am going to apply as a professional narrator.
Without questioning he said what the screen of his computer dictated to him.
Asymmetric cryptography uses pairs of keys.
They are called private and public key.
One key is for encryption, the other one for decryption.
Given only the public key, it is very hard to compute the private one.
Besides encryption, it can also be used for authentication.
The process of encrypting the hash value of a message is called digital signature.
Hash functions are one-way functions with a number of mathematical requirements.
Strong cryptography can prevent a man in the middle from reading a conversation.
The green lock in the address bar of your browser does NOT mean you can trust the site.
The system with certificate authorities has some serious issues.
In symmetric cryptography the same key is used for encryption and decryption.
Symmetric algorithms tend to be faster than asymmetric ones.
Strong passwords don't have to be hard to remember.
The world wide web is not the same as the Internet.
The Google search bar is for searching, not for typing URLs!
If you don't know any alternative search engines, just google them.
You can create bookmarks in you web browser to make browsing more convenient.
Local solutions should be preferred to cloud solutions in many cases.
From a technical point of view, the MP-Three-standard is completely outdated and yet it's still very successful.
His girlfriend always has cold feet in the morning.
Palm oil is cheap, but workers on illegal plantations get exploited and huge areas of jungle get destroyed for its production.
Spending time with each other can be more valuable than any material present.
It would be very useful if my web browser could synchronize all of its preferences, not just some.
I promise, I will be careful!
I have disabled some of the certificate authorities, but they're not grayed out in this list.
Honest Ahmed did not convince the developers.
There might be secret messages in this text.
This text aims to include a diverse set of vocabulary.
Sports, music, cooking and other topics are covered.
She walked across the street wearing stereo headphones and staring at her smartphone.
Luckily there was a zebra crossing.
The high humidity is making me sweat.
Take a sponge, some washing up liquid and a towel, then get to work!
The manual seriously warns about putting budgies into the microwave.
What's your status?
Denmark is a pioneer of renewable wind energy.
Considering the growth of human population, insects might be the food of the future.
I didn't find the blow-dryer, so I just used the vacuum-cleaner.
Is that okay?
Dirt and dust everywhere, give me the broom!
After an avalanche buried the skiing resort, it was hard to determine its exact location.
A drilling machine is used to fixate the ice hockey goal.
Both elephants and monkeys have a capable memory.
It was such a thrill, her veins were pumped full of adrenaline.
He decided to boycott games with digital restriction management in the future.
Please never throw salami pizza away.
The movie's epic soundtrack uses classical elements mixed with parts of rock and synthetic bass.
Stay tuned.
Wrestling, boxing and karate are well-known examples of martial arts.
Many teens make videos these days, inspired by their role models.
Sausages, croquettes and broccoli are our meal in the canteen today.
Without understanding the actual physics, some animals exploit total internal reflection for catching fish.
That rap music with its loud electronic beats is called hip-hop.
Many of the reviews in this app-store are faked by bots to manipulate the ranking.
The police insisted on confiscating even the printer for forensic analysis.
The referee decided on a free kick instead of a penalty kick.
After that foul, the whole stadium was yelling angry things.
When the game is still undecided after sixty minutes, overtime begins.
From its unique gesture it was clear, that the rhino was hostile.
When he kissed her cheek, she suddenly blushed, changing her color faster than a chameleon.
To save fuel, the Ariane rocket has been launched not far from the equator.
Birds feed their offspring with spiders, worms, slugs and bugs.
Don't press the red button!
Induction hobs do not work by thermal radiation.
"Jellyfish can cause serious injuries", the physician explained to the patient.
Jeans are the only kind of trousers I have in my wardrobe.
Give me some carrots and other vegetables, I'm going to feed the rabbits.
Clinical studies of the new vaccine are still outstanding.
On our way to San Francisco, we were listening to reggae music and smoking weed.
The combination of trumpets, violins and a drum set is quite unusual.
Lions hunt their prey with sprints, whereas wolves take advantage of their stamina.
"I'm observing passive-aggressive behavior", the psychologist said in a professional tone.
We ate spicy rice with chicken legs and white mushrooms.
Pork cutlet is also very tasty, but our religion does not allow us to eat it.
Pull this lever to activate the piston.
The TNT blows up the granite, forming a tunnel to the coal and iron ore.
I took planks of birch wood and crafted a bookshelf.
The biology students had lots of homework to do until the next lecture.
The ranger took his rifle and went into the forest to shoot the bear.
Kidneys are transplanted often, because every healthy person has two of them.
The waitress was carrying an impressive amount of dinnerware, but then an earthquake occurred and she dropped it all.
Garlic can be used to fight vampires.
Glass eel is on the menu today, but it's too expensive.
The volcano eruption itself was a catastrophe, but the ash is an excellent fertilizer.
Mission accomplished!
Compared to other countries in the world, Japan has a very low birth rate.
Tourists in socks and sandals look hilarious.
Happy hardcore is a fast style of techno music, that was kind of popular in the nineties.
If I had the choice between honey and jam, I would choose the latter.
The plural of mouse is mice.
These scissors can cut metal.
As students, they founded an a capella group and now they're commercially successful.
The ingenious physicist rubbed his nose and scratched his chin.
Mosquitoes are annoying in the summer and can even transmit illnesses.
The company's stock value increased dramatically after they found a new medicine.
The existence of gravitational waves had long been predicted.
After the fuse melted, the room was enlightened only by a candle.
The illumination created a cozy atmosphere.
A flickering shadow was projected onto the walls and the ceiling.
When the carpet and the curtains caught fire, it was getting warm.
The percentage of carbon dioxide in the air reached an extraordinary level.
The guests of the party decided to go on the balcony.
A thunderstorm was raging outside and they all got a cold.
The owner of the dwelling was not amused.
He recorded everything with his camcorder to have a watertight proof.
Footprints of mud and clay were on the floor.
The constitution of his flat was not optimal.
Only a minority of literature is written this way.
Drinking and driving is irresponsible.
Archaeologists recently found the skeleton of a dinosaur in Mexico.
The manufacturer called this helicopter "tiger".
Volleyball is almost equally popular in both genders.
Enemy spotted!
Witnesses report two armed suspects and four hostages.
A predator drone equipped with multiple cruise missiles lifted off.
The implementation is not compliant with the specification.
Affirmative, a breaching charge is available.
My initial assumption about the phase displaced pulse was wrong.
Even with night-vision goggles, no target was in sight.
Neither the radar nor the other instruments detected the stealth bomber.
Flash grenades explode with a loud bang and cause disorientation.
Two victims immediately need medical attention.
Roger, the backup team is on the way.
The bootloader shows a dialog prompting to enter the passphrase.
Viral marketing is a buzzword used frequently by economists.
Six thousand people have been infected since the outbreak of the virus.
A content delivery network is necessary.
Survival of the casualties stays our top priority!
Our secondary goal is to reconstruct what happened.
The log file reveals that nobody ever read the end user license agreement during installation.
With his troll post he provoked the hackers to do penetration testing for him.
We went rafting in Switzerland and alpine skiing in Austria this spring.
In a cinematic rope-down maneuver, the special forces overwhelmed the criminals.
The S.W.A.T. entry team used an optical wand to observe the proceedings behind the door.
It made a clicking sound when the officer tightened the handcuffs.
Smoking cigarettes during pregnancy increases the risk of the baby also becoming addicted one day.
He was squatting in a corner doing yoga.
A directed graph consists of nodes and edges.
The seventeen-year-old girl gently pushed his hand away as he touched her belly.
These figures of wax look creepy.
The primary coil has fifty turns.
Do you think your boyfriend is cheating on you?
No, he's loyal.
They found a cactus in a passenger's luggage at the airport's security check.
Tourism is an important economic factor for Italy.
This wedge prevents the trailer from rolling down the slope in case of brake failure.
The package manager cannot resolve circular dependencies.
Most of our imports come from the harbor of Rotterdam.
Use the export command to set environment variables.
Our latest hi-tech submarine is powered by hydrogen.
They climbed a tall crane without securing themselves and filmed it for their YouTube channel.
It was a suicidal stunt.
After a tragic accident with a chainsaw he has become a paraplegic.
Hey, I bought pineapple juice with no sugar added.
In the discotheque, the DJ played progressive house music and trance.
Her mixing console had an old-fashioned but still cool vinyl player.
The wizard knew plenty conjuring tricks and enchanted his audience.
A gorilla had stepped into the trap and was now transported to the zoo.
With bow and arrow the veterinarian shot a needle that deafened the cheetah.
After lurking for a minute, the crocodile quickly sprang toward the young hippopotamus and ate it.
Giraffes are vegetarians.
May I borrow some of your cartoons?
They were playing ping-pong to the rhythm of punk rock.
To forget his fear of flying, he imagined how the stewardess would look like in a bikini.
A hedgehog was collecting brown leaves.
A group of dolphins came and protected us from the sharks.
When you're at a party and somebody says "banana bread", a sniper might be near you.
St. Nicholas brought goodies and tangerines.
According to the calendar it was September.
Remember, remember, the fifth of November!
"I have clearly been discriminated because of my sex", the feminist complained.
She's the best parkour runner I know.
That's comparing apples and oranges.
According to the recipe, we need mild mustard.
Guards are patrolling around the perimeter of the base.
Onion routing is a technique of using cascades of proxies for the purpose of anonymisation.
The Internet of uncontrolled things brought us a distributed denial of service attack once again.
The visual acuity is astonishing.
Your behavior is embarrassing; go learn the art of social intercourse!
An LED was indicating the proximity detector was working properly.
As an approximation, we use a multivariate Gaussian distribution.
Backface culling is a common trick to accelerate Three-D rendering.
Owls are always intellectual in fairy-tales.
The streaming portal uses the MPEG-Four video codec.
Always save your code as plain text.
You chose an incompatible encoding.
After passing her final exam she will have a bachelor of science degree in chemistry.
Spain is producing lots of lettuce, paprika and tomatoes.
The fourth component of homogeneous coordinates is usually set to one.
Hash tables can access their elements in constant time.
Activists claim the pipeline through the Baltic Sea is leaking.
After his massive abuse of alcohol he started therapy.
The experiment turned into a disaster.
The valley was filled with dense fog.
The tram will arrive in five minutes, unless this timetable is wrong.
An unknown perpetrator threatened two men from Syria with a pistol.
"Surrender is not an option", the mercenary asserted.
No mercy for cop killers!
Curly brackets are hard to type.
People living in the so-called bible belt have more conservative opinions than inhabitants of California.
Reindeer and antelopes are missing in your taxonomy of animals.
The director has a crush on the actress, I think.
Using the debugger, he found out that there was a buffer overflow.
Better use heat resistant gloves when you take the bricks out of the furnace.
Bullying is still a problem in our society.
Nonverbal communication is sometimes more meaningful than the spoken words.
The patriotic veteran returned to the United States.
After playing tennis in virtual reality, he felt dizzy.
The Panama Canal connects the Pacific Ocean with the Atlantic Ocean.
We were sitting in the VIP lounge of the theater, when the drama reached its climax.
Flaring torches were filling the dungeon with an ambient noise.
Our galaxy, the Milky Way, apparently contains dark matter.
The trade union was negotiating higher loans with the other stakeholders.
Her blouse consists of ninety-five percent cotton and five percent polyester.
Some tin and a soldering iron are laying on the workbench.
Made in Taiwan.
In Nuremberg the subway trains are driving autonomously.
Motion parallax is a monocular depth cue.
The prolific developer contributed more than a thousand commits until today.
Prefetching is used to avoid cache misses.
The principal recruited various graduates by offering high rewards.
Our generator has been disrupted by ultra high frequency waves.
I told you homeboy, smuggling is being prosecuted.
The boy was cuddling with his fluffy teddy bear.
We can describe the object's movement with a differential equation of second order.
Would you sacrifice the life of a human if this would save many other lives?
This ethical question is referred to as the trolley problem.
Our influence on their monopoly is tiny.
If you want a sandwich, don't hesitate grabbing one.
Work in progress.
To be continued...
His adversary had three respawns remaining.
As he couldn't prove his innocence, he was brought to the detention zone, as if guilty.
This is the power box we always have problems with, if you could take a look.
Yes, but why is there straw anyway?
The allusion is not an illusion.
What's the difference between hibernation and standby mode?
My wheel rims are made of chrome.
There was elation at the headquarters when the boss proclaimed the revenue of a billion euros.
When blending is activated, the alpha channel is used to encode the opacity of a texture.
Moist soil is good for the flora.
To increase his popularity in public-opinion polls, the politician started a campaign.
Thousands of workers commute from the surroundings into the city each day.
The toad spit a caustic slime at the bees.
Let's have a look at the standard deviation.
Millions of years ago, our seven continents were one super-continent called Pangaea.
All new generations of GPUs support tesselation in hardware.
The purple socket is for connecting the antenna to the receiver.
The airdrop of the atomic bomb in Hiroshima had devastating implications.
The spy infiltrated the interior through a vent and sneaked to the retina scanner.
She accused an ex-convict of stalking and sexual assault.
That's an intrinsic error.
Just as a rule of thumb.
You didn't set the indicator before leaving the roundabout.
There has been a robbery at the burger shop in downtown.
Phosphorus is not a semiconductor.
No offense, but your agility leaves a lot to be desired.
Open a terminal and execute a program.
Experts of geology agree: Yesterday's tsunami was just a herald of the imminent apocalypse.
My grippers are made of stainless steel.
All hoses are connected to the defective hub.
I like crepes with nougat.
After the disclosure of the doping scandal the winner was deprived of the gold medal.
This path is designated for agricultural vehicles.
At the research institute they have an electron microscope.
The actor's authentic facial expression was convincing the jury.
Darth Vader could barely breathe under his mask.
We visited a concert in the famous opera house in Sydney.
What do you associate with Iceland?
Oh no, my bunny broke out of its cage!
As independent studies document, the Neanderthals developed simple tools such as spears.
Catalysts make chemical reactions possible at low temperatures.
We must evacuate the courtyard.
It's like a plague.
I retrieved the crop with a pallet jack.
Thanks to our augmented reality glasses, we gain insight to the details.
All of the organs are exposed in our exhibition hall.
Thanks for the clarification!
The paramedics took out the defibrillator to reanimate the motorcyclist.
"That circus acrobat must have a well-trained vestibular system", the spectator thought.
The basketball bounced off his shield of titanium.
Extract the relevant data and see if it matches our statistics.
The heuristic function is just an estimate of the lag.
Strawberry curd, yummy!
The old lady took her napkin to wipe the drool.
I found an online tutorial how to use Vulkan and OpenGL.
Modifying the assets would be a copyright violation.
First she was moaning, then coughing and eventually her ventilation collapsed.
Our guide told us stories of Scandinavian mythology in a Welsh accent.
I always have to sneeze after eating grapes.
His old Ferrari has been compacted to a small cube of metal at the junkyard.
To cut to the chase, the harvest was really bad.
Sorry, the test period expired.
With clenched fist, he hit the table.
Try to fix that fissure with glue.
Let's pretend everything is prepped.
Insert your card to identify yourself.
This wimble is hardened with vanadium.
The discrete cosine transform is applied to blocks of eight by eight pixels.
Many people are traumatized after this sailing accident and need intensive care.
She looked skeptical when leaning against the wall, observing the celebrities.
Nothing is as elastic as the silk of a spider.
Why can't I skip this damn intro?
It's critical to keep traction on the asphalt.
From this perspective you can see the concentric circles.
He's an immigrant from Portugal.
My scholarship got rejected.
If my stepfather sold this old sculpture, he'd probably become a millionaire.
You can go to the dispenser and squirt some lava.
It would be ideal if the WiFi were gratis.
Holy moly, you were fast on the zip line!
Access denied.
In his youth my dad was a hooligan.
As a workaround, we could use application specific profiles.
Pay and spray, stay and pray, play and sway, what did you say?
Don't you dare switch away, I think rhymes are okay, since they never decay, I could do this all day.
Two caribous in a queue, they didn't have a clue, that I was using their flue, to write a poem for you.
We subdivide the domain space using an octree.
We should segregate the participants by age.
Don't be more catholic than the pope.
I generally like jazz, but this record is oversteered – thanks loudness war!
According to the predominant notion in the Vatican, condoms shouldn't be used in spite of HIV.
You will get donuts as a bonus if you take a selfie with me.
Their application for asylum has been accepted, since they're victims of political persecution.
There is convection in the magma chamber.
The rogue is celebrating his triumph.
Rainbows are a phenomenon based on chromatic dispersion.
We can only perceive a part of the broad light spectrum the sun emits.
He was standing on a pickup truck with a megaphone and propagated his opinion.
She's sitting there on a pillow, wearing only pants and bra.
She tried to stop the bleeding of her thighs with a tissue.
Folk is not my favorite music genre.
In this paragraph I want to underline the severity of the refinery event.
The crash of the UFO shows that extraterrestrials are also vulnerable.
The hierarchy is visualized in the appendix.
A semi-transparent overlay promoted the beta version of an Android app.
Our new AI can dynamically adapt the balance of the gameplay.
What's the meaning of an asterisk in a regular expression?
Please use normal slashes, not backslashes.
Modern sewing machines can throttle their speed.
Please forgive me.
The laundry is right next to the thrift shop.
Before we begin with the actual baptism, let's renew our creed.
Grime, rust and residual particles polluted the air.
The USA and many other countries of the world have their independence day in July.
Everyone wants to buy pumpkins for Halloween.
Tortoises are reptiles, not amphibians.
His nutrition consisted almost entirely of cereals.
The girl wore an elegant dress.
The corset constricted her waist.
Does that imply I can no longer play badminton?
I find this ferry boring.
Look how flexible these athletes are!
Scanning a QR code is trivial and requires absolutely no skill.
The liberal politics of our prime minister keep the currency stable.
The sinner had wrinkled hands.
This ballad is so catchy, I love it!
A tow truck came to clear up the wreckage.
He's a fanatic.
He didn't seduce her with his words but with subliminal messages, that's the trick.
Neutralize all the enemies behind the barricades with your taser.
I have a confession to make.
Philosophy is my favorite subject.
Those gangsters get what they deserve.
When doing reinforcement learning, we have to find a suitable trade-off between exploration and exploitation.
The aerodynamic shape of whales is nifty.
The yield is essentially zero.
Let's postpone the maiden trip.
Mr. Bean is the main character of a British comedy.
Uncanny clowns were emplaced in the labyrinth.
ETA eleven-thirty.
In retrospect, everything was already decided when we heard the siren.
She ate an old pear and started suffocating.
Eddy current brakes are not suitable for locking a wheel.
That's an inherent disadvantage.
Listen to the solo of the e-guitar!
The Asperger syndrome is a form of autism.
The dictator was radical in his ideology.
She was jealous of the girl with polish on her nails and a handsome guy at her side.
Drinking too much coke can cause diabetes.
Give me precise instructions how to decontaminate the trooper.
This one's dedicated to the ghetto where I come from.
Any volunteers?
With her index finger, the little girl pointed to her mum.
My teacher always throws chalk at his pupils, that's why I'm wearing a helmet.
Sounds legitimate.
We migrated our stuff from Mac OS to Linux.
Everything looked diffuse after she took the narcotic.
The rebel pimped his lowrider with hydraulics.
Mathematics class is obligatory.
A colleague of mine is from West Virginia.
Touching the knob of the door triggers this Bluetooth camera to take a snapshot.
High voltage!
My puberty was probably taxing for mommy and daddy.
Writing sentences that will be read by hundreds of people makes me feel so powerful!
Better abort it before you get tangled up!
The little girl wanted to have a balloon, but was too shy to ask.
I didn't read what's in parentheses due to laziness.
Yesterday he felt invincible, now he has a hangover.
To my satisfaction, I have been mentioned in the credits for my proficiency.
Unfortunately, nobody can warrant that the sanctions will have an effect on the community.
This sapling will once become a giant oak tree.
Amen.
The millennium edition of the album contains multiple remixes and the lyrics.
Use the factory pattern and an iterator to step through the array.
The group from Belgium plans to go hiking on Wednesday.
In my fantasy I can guarantee harmony for all eternity.
What's up homies?
Rated M for mature.
Darling, I have a gift for you.
Bless you!
Take that can from the shelter and spray some graffiti.
I can see what happens backstage through this aperture!
Watching the parody was great entertainment.
The experience in the coffin was literally immersive.
I felt like being in paradise.
We crumble the bowl with a rasp until only fractions are left.
Just align your car orthogonal to the parking lot.
Pull the hook to toggle the jukebox.
If you still don't know what recursion is, read this sentence again.
They have prejudices against foreigners.
No wonder this vanilla yogurt tastes disgusting: Its eat-by date was last year.
That's a sophisticated mechanical system!
We want to disperse the core from the hull.
Sentences are built of nouns, verbs and sometimes adjectives.
To find out the exact threshold, we need to repeat this in a reproducible manner.
Please stop the recording by pressing the button again, when you have finished reading this sentence.
You can verify and re-record your own recordings before submitting them.
It takes two to tango.
Lima is the capital of Peru.
Oscar is dancing foxtrot together with Clara.
In colloquial language the term Yankee is used for U.S. citizens.
"Bravo!", Charlie applauded.
Romeo and Juliet might be the most famous act of William Shakespeare.
Many mountain ranges on earth are named Sierra Nevada.
For example, Colombia, Chile, Argentina and Venezuela.
Many languages are spoken in Tanzania, one of them is Zulu.
By area, Quebec is the largest province of Canada.
This swallow is twittering without Internet connection and has a swarm of followers.
If you release the clutch too quickly, the engine will stall.
Quit whining!
"Bacardi, rye, vodka – what do you want?", asked the barkeeper.
Oh Lord, give me patience – immediately!
The goalie is showing off his reflexes today.
You ain't gonna ruin this heist!
Dude, you've got swag!
Two nibbles are one byte.
Bit is the short term for binary digit.
Jeez, you look stoned!
Bonnie loves Clyde and vice versa.
We strolled along the promenade and through the mall.
The next episode is set in a Siberian crater.
Helena tied up her spouse, for whatever reason.
We got off with a slap on the wrist.
The new patch is less invasive than the old one, but still causes regressions.
How is Mozilla going to handle ambiguities like queue and cue?
Context is needed.
Also, will numbers be written as digits or as words?
Shawty, you look jaw-dropping in that jersey.
The grim reaper is waiting for you, reckless driver!
They found all sorts of drugs at Howard's house: Cocaine, meth, heroine...
Undefined reference to 'swizzle'.
Undeclared identifier 'jitter'.
The transaction is still pending.
My roommate always causes chaos.
ICBM is the abbreviation for intercontinental ballistic missile.
Diana is suffering from migraine again.
Look, fireflies!
Mrs. Travis, when I leave my kids in kindergarten, I expect you to supervise them.
I started with ballet when I was still in elementary school.
The dentist was ranting about my mediocre oral hygiene.
Oh my god, they killed Kenny!
Facebook collects data about non-members.
WhatsApp is a tool to isolate those who don't have it.
In other words, it's not an open platform.
Uranium and plutonium are radioactive.
I love the fjords of Norway.
One of Saturn's moons is called Helene.
Galileo Galilei was the first man who observed the planet Neptune through his telescope.
It's a long way to Tipperary, it's a long way to go!
I'd love to hear readers sing this.
I heard speech-to-text software often has problems when people are whispering.
But what if all our readers were whispering?
It's worthwhile to at least try to minimize the delta.
We're not allowed to export our goods to Afghanistan, due to the embargo.
Did you rewind the cassette?
Most of the energy will be absorbed by kinetic friction.
With that new haircut you look ridiculous.
Completing objectives will unlock new skins and skills.
Ransomware is the kind of malware that blackmails you after encrypting your files.
It takes decades until you're qualified to join the granny gang.
Last night my little sister crawled into my bed, after she'd had a nightmare.
You can choose either yes or nope.
You can reduce the quality of the anisotropic filter to gain some performance.
A rooster will attack other cocks that enter its territory.
"How many hens are there for one cock?", I asked the farmer.
Look, the seam is now broken, it couldn't stand the jerk.
Believe it or not, this peanut butter is homemade.
The proprietary software uses multi-threading for some intermediate steps.
Whistle-blower Edward Snowden still lives in exile in Russia.
Do yourself a favor, learn the language and socialize.
Transistors have replaced relays in many scopes of application since their invention.
Let's see what I can find out about the GDP of the Federal Republic of Cameroon.
The carpenter offered me a discount of twenty percent.
Presumably Ryan never did any sanity checks.
The hormone oxytocin is released when a mother breastfeeds her baby.
Have you ever heard the national anthem of South Korea?
If you tackled these outliers that would reduce the artifacts.
After experiencing a mind-blowing sensual orgy, Mike was sure he had taken an overdose.
Marek is so shortsighted, he can't identify faces from a distance of ten meters.
Lily is just as nearsighted as him.
Who is the blonde girl with the red skirt?
I think her name is Olivia.
No, Olivia is a brunette.
I have blisters on my hands because I was bouldering yesterday.
We don't have the budget to produce it in studio quality.
Do you notice the flickering of the neon lights?
The orchestra has its debut today.
To no surprise, the equator indeed crosses Ecuador.
The homeless guy was searching for returnable bottles in a garbage dumpster.
That blond guy over there is a git.
Unbelievable how many piercings this centerfold girl has.
"Another reason why Apple is superior to Microsoft", the troll posted and grabbed some popcorn for the subsequent flame war.
Latvia and Estonia are both between the Baltic Sea and Russia.
Nobody ever received the Nobel prize for the invention of chewing tobacco.
Christy has an engaging personality.
I always confuse estrogen with progesterone.
Male animals secrete pheromones that attract females.
I heard the land where the hobbits live, the Shire, has actually been filmed in New Zealand.
Eating oat flakes for breakfast combined with hard training will hopefully give me a six-pack stomach soon enough.
Geoffrey's parents are from the Ivory Coast.
The organ of this cathedral is made of ebony, except the pipes of course.
Is Lena flirting with me or just making compliments?
Stop bashing Ivy all the time!
Her low self-esteem is pathetic.
Henry is sitting in the bathtub.
Philip was standing on the levee watching the waves roll off the rocks and the splashes of spume.
Zora, can you teach me how to yodel?
The legend has it that two slaves were hoping for the pharaoh to grant them amnesty.
This looks like a viable infrastructure to me.
Samuel wrote in his testament that his grandchildren should inherit all his money.
He's an idol, but he's not a saint.
Hamilton quaternions can be used to replace many matrices, but not to represent view frustums.
Toby said, he's gonna sue his ex-wife.
The Islamic law is called shariah.
Theodore explained to us what a convolution filter is.
Kathleen loves to dress up like a princess.
Kirsten shrugged her shoulders.
You need to be an optimist to play the lottery.
The butcher gave me a kilo of ham for free!
Officials of the government toasted the fiscal sovereignty last night.
Valgrind detected multiple memory leaks.
No category seems to fit.
We can constrain the amplitude so that the signal gets clipped.
There are too many obstacles for the robot to find its way.
This coat is fur-lined.
I recommend using a spell checker to avoid such typos henceforth.
The scene begins with a closeup to Paula's face.
Mr Lincoln is my mentor.
Hooray, we're going to Alaska!
Well, the merry-go-round wasn't exactly spectacular.
Contrary to common belief, children won't gain computer literacy, if you just hand them tablet computers and smartphones.
Marc, would you please give me the fly swatter?
Strip down the rig until you know exactly where the error is located.
I've wrenched my ankle.
One can craft amazingly strong permanent magnets from neodymium.
Opus is a state-of-the-art loyalty-free audio codec for both speech and music.
Are they twins or just normal siblings?
Paraguay shares a border with Bolivia, while Uruguay does not.
I wrote my bachelor thesis with latex.
The bartender went to the keypad to unlock the entrance to the cellar storeroom.
Let's spawn next to the monument and wait for the rest of our squad.
The lorry driver yawned and decided to head for the next motel.
Thinking of him or his accomplice alone gives me goose bumps.
Those guys are hard to bust since their clan supports them with excellent advocates.
May I escort you to the garage?
I had to teach my nephew the facts of life, because his parents are prudes.
The apiarist told us a story about birds and bees.
By increasing the salinity of the water, we alter its dew point.
Ladies and gentlemen, this wagon is going to be detached.
Natalie gave me a pleasing massage, when we were in Luxembourg last week.
You're faltering.
I'm feeling a little tipsy.
Let's hope you don't have to vomit.
Don't be a pessimist!
My watch wouldn't work without a quartz resonator.
Simon tried to evade, but Timmy restrained him.
Rick was in the first aid club as a sixth-former.
The cinnamon desktop is not as widespread as gnome.
When you travel at warp speed, do it with caution!
Nora finds herself ugly, because she has pimples.
How is the climate in Jamaica?
"That homicide case is giving me headaches", the police officer said.
Ironically, you just gave me the perfect alibi.
Luckily, the dagger couldn't penetrate the bullet proof vest.
Slovakia has common borders with Ukraine, Hungary, Poland and the Czech Republic.
The tenement agency deems me unreliable due to my debts.
How can we obtain a priori knowledge for each individual?
I don't have a single penny left.
The alley was too narrow for the bulldozer.
The recluse from Lithuania and his compatriot were making up stories about mermaids and fays.
Let's do this in chronological order.
I can't clone this git repository.
The brake pedal was vibrating as the anti-skid system intervened.
There is mildew on the facade.
The pubic bone is part of the pelvis.
Compare the checksum to verify its integrity.
"Sue is short and pregnant", the father-to-be stated, thinking of a name for his future daughter.
"Still a better love story than Twilight", he commented on the porn movie.
Pretty please with a cherry on top!
Why are gully covers round?
Please make sure your recordings are not cut off.
Thanks to the exhaust turbo charger, we could double the engine torque.
Sally was shrieking when she heard the horn of the cement-mixer behind her.
An excavator left the quarry with coarse gravel in its shovel.
There are multiple subduction zones in Indonesia.
"Prepare for detonation", he announced and started the countdown.
Lee bought a ticket for the metro at central station.
The one time pad is an ultimate encryption if applied correctly.
Don't spank your kids!
How can we reconcile this conflict?
Let's toss a coin.
Kelvin, Fahrenheit or Celsius – which one is the best unit of temperature?
Do you have any remedy for louses?
In my opinion, you went too far with your satire poem.
That's a fair amount of loot.
I'm sure Carley is not a coward.
Jeffery really pulled a boner, but in the end everyone could laugh about it.
The cannibal was looking for another victim to appease his appetite.
The barrel is greasy from the oil.
Emily wants to get her hair bleached.
A thick ice crust made it impossible to pull the anchor.
I'm not so much into anatomy, where's the bladder again?
A ritzy limousine was driving along the fifth avenue.
Keep in mind that the denominator is positive.
Mario went to the CD player and pressed shuffle.
My empire reaches from the ocean in the East to the mountain ridge in the West.
Have you seen my USB dongle?
I think this font fits well to the overall theme.
Just pick up a first aid kit to restore your health.
Is it actually unusual for a planet that its axis is tilted?
Those people are kick-ass samba dancers!
It's wicked how Lara neglects her pussy cat.
Andy is down with influenza.
I thought he's immune to the flu.
For better physical understanding, let's first recap where the pivot point is.
This has become a bit of a cult in Romania.
They practiced an old Mongolian ritual to expel the demons.
Raccoons are mammals as well.
Is there really no sort of mandatory access control?
The father was unable to cut the umbilical cord of his newborn baby.
The solution is banal.
My lawn-mower is broken.
You two in the last row, stop giggling!
When it comes to the crunch, our company will become insolvent.
These machines are built for number crunching.
The life of that bungee jumper dangles on a string, in the truest sense of the word.
Did the dog sniff anyone out yet?
They mocked him by imitating all of his actions.
Wow, look how deep this canyon is!
Can you see the beacon at the top of the wind turbine?
Tobias tried to inject contempt into his tone.
High latencies are annoying during video conferences.
My alarm clock doesn't have a snooze button.
Lisa is playing the sax.
There's always a stiff breeze blowing at the coast.
I can't find an airline offering flights to the Virgin Islands.
After I had finished the first batch of papers, I was getting into the workflow.
The girl wore glossy pantyhose.
She didn't like the trend of nylon stockings.
The attack on our root server overstrained our senior administrator.
Marta curry favored with her teacher to get better grades.
Vivian's trying to fine-tune some parameters to maximize the magnitude.
Nina wants to fry tofu because it's vegan.
Your rusty bicycle chain could use some lube.
These chimes have a mellow sound.
Clementine is longsighted.
Let's deploy chirp modulation.
The train conductor nabbed a woman who had dodged the fare.
Apparently, most of the sentences have been written by nerds and scientists.
The more you read, the better you will be understood.
I can reassure you, that we won't retreat until the peace is secured.
Nobody's intending to build a wall.
The toll bridges scan all license plates.
The C++ framework Qt is pronounced like "cute".
Those egoistic businessmen always consider themselves important, just because they wear a cravat.
A good thing about English is, that you don't have to memorize whether things are feminine or masculine.
Edgar is a geek.
The psychopath often has hallucinations.
Policemen consider the mafia responsible for the massacre.
I can't find the ruler in my pencil case.
Tara tried to deescalate.
Today the committee implicitly decided to extend the arsenal.
Constable Beaver was leaning over the balustrade and observing the happenings around the pavilion.
I leased ten hectares of land and it turned out that it was barren.
We found out this switch is a dummy.
Touchscreens do not provide haptic feedback.
I guess, it's a never-ending story.
I really like the instrumental part, but the vocals are rude.
The majority always claims to be pacifist, BUT ...
A firmware update is available.
I think the party was an amusement for most of the guests, but Mirco felt really out of place.
Does the new splinter cell game come with a multiplayer mode?
He always stutters when he's nervous, that's why he delegated the speech.
A drunk man's talk is a sober man's thought.
What a bummer!
Wine is not an emulator.
They hope to get a hybrid embryo by merging the DNA of a different species.
My name is Atlas and I'm going to guide you through Rapture.
I was in hot pursuit of the scooter when I cycled down the boulevard.
I don't like superstars with Botox faces.
Zak is a wannabe skater.
Witnesses report a Caucasian rampage murderer equipped with Molotov cocktails.
The earl is walking on the parquet floor in his plush mansion.
I'd propose a dictionary attack instead of brute force.
Ignorance is bliss.
I need a pacifier for my baby.
Our collision detection only works for rigid bodies.
On his visit in Iran, the diplomat criticized the strict censorship.
No western movie without a brawl in a saloon.
The unemployment rate is alarming.
My foster son is a sleepwalker.
I don't believe in voodoo.
The audience clapped enthusiastically after an outstanding performance.
"I still have no idea what to do next with my raspberry pi", Emmett sighed.
When is the usual monsoon period in Bangladesh?
Julian is presumably in favor of legalizing cannabis.
Come on Betty, let's go for a drink and sink a few.
Felix, please show me how to correctly throw a boomerang.
Perpendicular recording has increased the data density of hard disks for sure.
Please tell me the corresponding longitude and latitude!
Nether portals are built of obsidian.
Please put a clothes-peg on your nose before reading this.
They use the terraforming tool to modify the terrain.
You can say mutex instead of mutual exclusion.
Does the sensor still have the same deficits when it comes to interoperability with other vendors?
The allies lost another airborne division during the raid.
Only stumps are left where hundreds of spruce firs stood yesterday.
Dora has a trampoline in her garden.
In the simulation game, I think I will hijack this fancy Lamborghini.
You should've learned that thumbnails with women wearing plunging necklines are just click bait.
Oops, I didn't want to barge in on you!
Due to the lack of a bug bounty program, Johanna decided to sell her exploit on the black market.
Eve had a secret affair with Ronald.
The time allotted for speaking doesn't leave a margin for questions.
The Phantom of the Opera is the only musical I've ever seen.
Sooner or later, they'll find out how to read these hieroglyphics.
There's a podium discussion about the pros and cons of daylight saving time.
It's raining gin!
We chose a torus topology for our network.
I won't give your niece a lollipop if she gets naughty again.
Why is pinball so addictive?
I have to use the toilet.
Agent Keys took out his neuralizer and flashy-thinged the coroner.
Most people using the term "exponentially" don't know what it actually means.
This blurry tomography doesn't help me a lot with the diagnosis.
I met your stepdad in the liquor shop yesterday.
Is he a drunkard or what?
The Viking rudder was harsh on the oars.
We should celebrate our anniversary in the new karaoke bar.
Parents should warn their kids about possible undertow near sieves in swimming pools.
The selfish Welsh wish to sell fish, which smells swell when getting squished.
One picture in the gallery shows how diligent slaves erect the statue of admiral Thompson.
Arnold presented a chart showing how many storks he had counted in the past ten years.
Whether and how to ethically kill lobsters is disputed.
The homemade chili dip by your stepmother is really tasty.
This section deals with the caveats of the proposed method.
You might as well play Russian roulette.
All of our trainees failed the polygraph test.
I wonder if C-sections will get more popular than natural births one day.
The prevailing notion among midwifes is that vaginal childbirths should be preferred to cesareans.
We had a lot of hurricanes this year.
Ground station to flight one-oh-one, please correct your altitude, over!
By accepting our privacy policy, you agree that we save your data for twenty-one days to detect frauds.
Anna Austen asked about the acceptation of the word "alliteration".
Mrs Brickman wants to know why her rating score is so terribly low.
Can you sing me a lullaby?
I only know the refrain.
The whole region was affected by the flood calamity.
Oh man, I think I got friend-zoned once again.
Attacking these virtual villains will increase your notoriety online.
Web developers shouldn't embed scripts directly from jQuery.com since it enables a third party to track all users.
It was my moral incentive for all endeavors I've made so far.
Mayday, we crashed into an iceberg!
There's no point in disclaiming, we have everything on tape.
While some admired the prophet, others accused him of blasphemy, and now he seeks sanctuary abroad.
I'd add a separate subsection which deals with this aspect.
You have dilated pupils.
A bus shuttle took us from the airport to the metro.
I have a baseball bat in my room to defend against intruders.
It's probably a good idea to merge the two subsections in the synopsis.
Cheryl asked me about visiting the poetry slam with her tomorrow.
Hey, stop staring at my decollete!
I'm just gazing at the marble of your necklace.
It's the first time my grandpa does online banking.
Two scorpions were menacing each other with their stings.
Their venom is however not deadly to humans.
An inferno destroyed half of Lisbon during the Portuguese inquisition.
The incubation period is typically about two weeks.
There's a group of unruly teens bumming around in your garden.
Let's hope the state secretary can exert influence on the chancellor.
Your so-called sedative only exacerbates the pain.
Lawrence was baffled by the amount of things he had learned about fuzzy logic.
When Luke had finished the hazard analysis, he frowned.
The police was still interrogating witnesses of the rape when a mob outside began to practice lynch law.
As a preliminary, familiarize yourself with the basic concept of nuclear fission.
The fascinating consequence of Bayes' theorem is that we can infer against the direction of causality.
Tabitha on the other hand, chose a more pragmatic approach.
The chocolate bar looked so tempting that Lenna just couldn't abstain from it.
There's a variety of possibilities, but the checkerboard pattern doesn't seem appropriate here.
Sylvester needed to meditate to clear his mind.
Sigmund depicted the occurrence with all its obscene details.
To summarize, our comprehensive survey discloses the true versatility of their method.
My daughter is happy that she found a feather on the street.
After the prince had been rescued, he showed evidence of Stockholm syndrome.
One can still see the scar where the acid was accidentally poured on my arm.
I wonder if we'll ever get rid of all the nukes.
The merit of their paper is to alleviate the extraction of isolines and isosurfaces.
Before you get too excited, keep in mind that it only applies to low-dimensional problems.
The Fury X is a very potent graphics card.
Taran was so bored that he took his biro and drew some glyphs on the table.
When Alvin was a little boy, he loved to watch Bud Spencer and Terence Hill.
Tiffany told us, the bench is made of beech wood.
I like the avenger of the new episode, he really is a badass.
The epileptic seizure could have been cause by the strobe lights.
Wow, the stroboscope effect on the ball is really astonishing!
That's the centigrade scale.
Sometimes Yasmin's ambitions have no limits.
We have offices all around the globe.
This is probably web jargon.
Come to my ranch, and I'm gonna show you what damage the tornado has caused.
We cannot condone how the state drifts into anarchy.
He decided it wasn't enough.
My children are all scoundrels.
Did you do that?
What's in it for me?
I'm filled with despair.
Optimism is the key to a happy life.
Foxes are uncommon where I'm from.
The best medicine is said to be laughter.
Listen and silent are anagrams.
Downtown is a scary place to live.
Now where could my pipe be?
My paycheck isn't coming until next week.
Eliza was shocked at the revelation.
Cats truly are mysterious creatures.
Together, we can rule the world!
Why would I want to do that?
My trip to Belgium was a disaster.
Go ahead, try me.
The bank refused my deposit request.
There's a surprise within the gift.
A wooden pillar stood in the middle.
The bus was late today.
This is the dimension of teapots.
How many layers of irony are you on?
Otters have interesting features.
The oil reserve is running dry.
I sped to work.
North and South Korea are very different.
Being the leader can get tiring.
They felt that the salesman had lied to them.
The government banned the export of crabs.
Why are we doing this again?
Roll the dice, please.
If you want a discount, you'll have to provide a ID.
Get out of my store.
Where did you come up with that idea?
You're going to have a bad time.
The account was shut down.
Cities only become ruins after they're abandoned.
Nuclear power is the future.
This lamp is quite nice.
I don't see the value in reading.
Chess is an amusing activity.
Throw it in the bin.
Trees are made into many things.
Can you help me with this question?
Don't drag me into your personal problems.
Paper is very flammable.
Tigers and lions are scary.
Quiet down, will you?
CC0 1.0 Universal

Statement of Purpose

The laws of most jurisdictions throughout the world automatically confer
exclusive Copyright and Related Rights (defined below) upon the creator and
subsequent owner(s) (each and all, an "owner") of an original work of
authorship and/or a database (each, a "Work").

Certain owners wish to permanently relinquish those rights to a Work for the
purpose of contributing to a commons of creative, cultural and scientific
works ("Commons") that the public can reliably and without fear of later
claims of infringement build upon, modify, incorporate in other works, reuse
and redistribute as freely as possible in any form whatsoever and for any
purposes, including without limitation commercial purposes. These owners may
contribute to the Commons to promote the ideal of a free culture and the
further production of creative, cultural and scientific works, or to gain
reputation or greater distribution for their Work in part through the use and
efforts of others.

For these and/or other purposes and motivations, and without any expectation
of additional consideration or compensation, the person associating CC0 with a
Work (the "Affirmer"), to the extent that he or she is an owner of Copyright
and Related Rights in the Work, voluntarily elects to apply CC0 to the Work
and publicly distribute the Work under its terms, with knowledge of his or her
Copyright and Related Rights in the Work and the meaning and intended legal
effect of CC0 on those rights.

1. Copyright and Related Rights. A Work made available under CC0 may be
protected by copyright and related or neighboring rights ("Copyright and
Related Rights"). Copyright and Related Rights include, but are not limited
to, the following:

  i. the right to reproduce, adapt, distribute, perform, display, communicate,
  and translate a Work;

  ii. moral rights retained by the original author(s) and/or performer(s);

  iii. publicity and privacy rights pertaining to a person's image or likeness
  depicted in a Work;

  iv. rights protecting against unfair competition in regards to a Work,
  subject to the limitations in paragraph 4(a), below;

  v. rights protecting the extraction, dissemination, use and reuse of data in
  a Work;

  vi. database rights (such as those arising under Directive 96/9/EC of the
  European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 1996 on the legal
  protection of databases, and under any national implementation thereof,
  including any amended or successor version of such directive); and

  vii. other similar, equivalent or corresponding rights throughout the world
  based on applicable law or treaty, and any national implementations thereof.

2. Waiver. To the greatest extent permitted by, but not in contravention of,
applicable law, Affirmer hereby overtly, fully, permanently, irrevocably and
unconditionally waives, abandons, and surrenders all of Affirmer's Copyright
and Related Rights and associated claims and causes of action, whether now
known or unknown (including existing as well as future claims and causes of
action), in the Work (i) in all territories worldwide, (ii) for the maximum
duration provided by applicable law or treaty (including future time
extensions), (iii) in any current or future medium and for any number of
copies, and (iv) for any purpose whatsoever, including without limitation
commercial, advertising or promotional purposes (the "Waiver"). Affirmer makes
the Waiver for the benefit of each member of the public at large and to the
detriment of Affirmer's heirs and successors, fully intending that such Waiver
shall not be subject to revocation, rescission, cancellation, termination, or
any other legal or equitable action to disrupt the quiet enjoyment of the Work
by the public as contemplated by Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose.

3. Public License Fallback. Should any part of the Waiver for any reason be
judged legally invalid or ineffective under applicable law, then the Waiver
shall be preserved to the maximum extent permitted taking into account
Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose. In addition, to the extent the Waiver
is so judged Affirmer hereby grants to each affected person a royalty-free,
non transferable, non sublicensable, non exclusive, irrevocable and
unconditional license to exercise Affirmer's Copyright and Related Rights in
the Work (i) in all territories worldwide, (ii) for the maximum duration
provided by applicable law or treaty (including future time extensions), (iii)
in any current or future medium and for any number of copies, and (iv) for any
purpose whatsoever, including without limitation commercial, advertising or
promotional purposes (the "License"). The License shall be deemed effective as
of the date CC0 was applied by Affirmer to the Work. Should any part of the
License for any reason be judged legally invalid or ineffective under
applicable law, such partial invalidity or ineffectiveness shall not
invalidate the remainder of the License, and in such case Affirmer hereby
affirms that he or she will not (i) exercise any of his or her remaining
Copyright and Related Rights in the Work or (ii) assert any associated claims
and causes of action with respect to the Work, in either case contrary to
Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose.

4. Limitations and Disclaimers.

  a. No trademark or patent rights held by Affirmer are waived, abandoned,
  surrendered, licensed or otherwise affected by this document.

  b. Affirmer offers the Work as-is and makes no representations or warranties
  of any kind concerning the Work, express, implied, statutory or otherwise,
  including without limitation warranties of title, merchantability, fitness
  for a particular purpose, non infringement, or the absence of latent or
  other defects, accuracy, or the present or absence of errors, whether or not
  discoverable, all to the greatest extent permissible under applicable law.

  c. Affirmer disclaims responsibility for clearing rights of other persons
  that may apply to the Work or any use thereof, including without limitation
  any person's Copyright and Related Rights in the Work. Further, Affirmer
  disclaims responsibility for obtaining any necessary consents, permissions
  or other rights required for any use of the Work.

  d. Affirmer understands and acknowledges that Creative Commons is not a
  party to this document and has no duty or obligation with respect to this
  CC0 or use of the Work.

For more information, please see
<https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/>
The thing is, nobody knew what was happening.
They're silly, their buckets are over there behind mine.
The great rulers found the squeaky grate was grating on their nerves.
It was sunny a just minute ago!
Where did the clouds come from?
I could go on for days about the delicious wines produced in this part of the world.
The cheese was delicious, especially when accompanied by the delicious, crusty bread.
In Ireland, the butter is always salted, why would anyone want it any other way?
The cheese and wine was complimented with fig jam and green, seedless grapes.
Did you see the chap over there with his arms in the air like he just doesn't care?
Sometimes I overthink things which leads me to postpone and ultimately never achieve the goal I had in mind.
We were only half a mile from the destination when the engine packed in.
The car slid on the ice and crashed into the wall.
The car tires were old so the tread was worn down and useless.
The puncture didn't slow him down at all.
He kept driving at full speed, totally unfazed by the flap, flap, flap of the burst tyre.
The parking meter attendant looked quizzically at the grinning, bespectacled teenager sitting in a cardboard box.
Something deep beneath the earth shifted, sending vibrations strong enough to register on earthquake detection mechanisms hundreds of miles away.
The man looked up from his book and, noticing nothing newsworthy, returned his gaze to the page and continued reading.
Fourteen silly looking clowns waltzed together in the park eliciting laughter as they pirouetted.
Their oversized shoes slapped the ground each time they took a step.
Each clown's wig was secured by a tiny bowler hat held by an elastic chin-strap.
The music, while technically a waltz, sounded more like a drunken tuba player falling into the orchestra's percussion section.
Doves sprouted, then escaped from various oversized pockets, some trailing handkerchiefs or bunting.
One short, solitary clown entered the ring honking an oversize horn while waving forlornly to the audience.
The music stopped then, catching the clowns mid-step.
They stumbled and fell, and the solitary horn-honker was left standing silently.
The daffodils were like a carpet in the back garden.
John looked out the window of the show-house, happy he had mortgage approval, but worried about the repayments.
The internal doors of the house would need to be replaced because they were very ugly.
The window frames were old and rotting, and the glass was close to falling out.
The stairs creaked under his weight as he climbed to the darkened upper floor.
The landing was dimly light by a single, bare, low-power light-bulb.
Four doors lead from the landing into two bedrooms, a closet, and a small, but functional bathroom.
The biggest bedroom had a small, ornate fireplace on one wall which had seen recent use judging by the ashes crumbling in the grate.
The cornices of the room were mostly intact, but showed signs of damage from damp.
The walls of the second bedroom were covered in a wallpaper with a livid design that seemed to swirl and pulsate unnervingly.
The closet door stuck a little as he pulled it open revealing a bare wooden floor covered on one side by a stack of old shoes boxes.
The topmost shoe box held only receipts from shopping trips a decade ago.
The penultimate shoe box contained something much more interesting – money.
The floorboards looked loose.
Finally, he lifted one of the boards and after setting it aside carefully, looked into the space beneath the floor.
The attic was dark and smelt of old dust.
He was deflated when he found the attic was completely empty.
Letting himself out of the house, he breathed a sigh of relief.
He turned from the door and walked slowly toward the gate, still holding the keys in his hand.
He paused, looked back at the house, but then pocketed the keys, opened the gate and strode down the path quickly.
He left the house and his thoughts behind him.
The blackbird watched all this from the tree twisting its head left and right, blinking and testing its wings, before finally taking to the air.
A leaf twisted slowly as it fell to the ground.
The food was still warm on the plate when he returned from checking the windows and doors.
He didn't feel so hungry though, not since he had heard the drawn-out scraping noise from upstairs.
Imagined monstrosities capered and gibbered in his imagination as he tried not to look behind him.
He could have sworn the shadow moved but he kept his eyes fixed on the table, his grip tightening on his cutlery.
He jumped up and turned quickly to face the imagined terror screaming "Get back!"
There was nothing behind him except for his bookcase which seemed to be missing a single, important book.
She read the book quickly, savouring the characters that came vividly to mind from the well-crafted prose.
Can you imagine something more beautiful than a plastic bag swooping and floating in a breeze?
"Don't know," was the reply.
"I don't know," she said.
"One moment," she said.
A friend of yours?
All was in vain.
And for what purpose?
And how did you get out?
And so do I.
And so it does.
And so it proved.
And so it was.
And this is true.
And what are you doing here?
And what became of him?
And what did she say?
And what did you do then?
And what is that?
And who are you?
Another and another followed.
Are you all right?
Are you in pain?
Are you strong enough?
Are you sure of that?
Begin at the beginning.
But enough of this!
But he did not move.
But he is right.
But how can you be sure?
But I don't understand.
But I knew better.
But I'm not going to do it.
But it was not to be.
But it was not.
But it was so.
But it was too late.
But not for long.
But that was all.
But that was out of the question.
But this was not to be.
But what are we to do?
But what can I do?
But what could he do?
But what does it mean?
But what is it?
But what is the use of talking?
But what of it?
But where are we going?
But where are you going?
But you are joking.
Can you beat it?
Can you tell me?
Come in, come in!
Come, let me embrace you!
Did he say anything?
Did you hear anything?
Did you know that?
Did you see him?
Did you see it?
Didn't you know that?
Do I know it?
Do you hear me?
Do you know anything about it?
Do you know him?
Do you know it?
Do you know me?
Do you know who I am?
Do you mean it?
Do you really think so?
Do you see her?
Do you see that?
Do you think so?
Do you understand me?
Do you understand that?
Do you understand what it means?
Do you want me to?
Do you want me?
Does that suit you?
Don’t be a fool!
Don’t worry about me.
Don’t you like it?
Don’t you understand me?
Don't be so silly!
Don't worry about me.
Don't you know it?
Don't you think so?
For a moment no one spoke.
Get out of the way!
Get out of this!
Give it to me.
God bless my soul!
God rest her soul!
Good-day to you, sir.
Have I offended you?
Have you seen her?
Have you seen it?
Have you the key?
He consulted his watch.
He could not help it.
He could not help smiling.
He did not look up.
He entered the room.
He is a scoundrel.
He looked at his watch.
He looked at me.
He looked up at me and smiled.
He made her another bow.
He made no answer.
He nodded his head.
He pinched her cheek.
He sat up abruptly.
He shook his head.
He shrugged his shoulders.
He told his story.
He was not there.
Here is my card.
Here is the letter.
Honour to whom honour is due!
How are you getting on?
How beautiful she was!
How came you here?
How can I tell?
How can I thank you?
How can that be?
How can you say that?
How could I help it?
How could that be?
How did he look?
How did it end?
How did it happen?
How did she look?
How did you do it?
How did you get here?
How did you get it?
How did you know that?
How did you know?
How do I know?
How do you do?
How do you know it?
How do you know that?
How do you know?
How do you make that out?
How do you mean?
How does it feel?
How does that strike you?
How far is it?
How long have I been here?
How long will you be away?
How much do you want?
How old are you?
How should I know?
How would he take it?
Human nature has its limits.
I always said so.
I am all attention.
I am exceedingly obliged to you.
I am going to.
I am not afraid of you.
I am not sure.
I am not surprised.
I am so glad.
I am so happy!
I am sorry for it.
I am sure of it.
I beg your pardon!
I begin to see.
I can do no more.
I can see that.
I can’t understand it.
I cannot believe it.
I cannot do that.
I cannot tell you.
I cannot understand it.
I could not bear it.
I did not know.
I did what I could.
I didn't know what to do.
I do not know.
I don’t know what to do.
I don’t mean that.
I don't believe it!
I don't believe you!
I don't know that.
I don't know what to do.
I don't know yet.
I don't say that.
I don't think so.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand you.
I don't want to.
I guessed as much.
I had no idea it was so late.
I had no idea.
I have heard so.
I have it here.
I have no more to say.
I hope you are well!
I know his voice.
I know, I know!
I looked at her.
I mean what I say.
I must be on my guard!
I never thought of that.
I rang the bell.
I shall never forget it.
I shook my head.
I should say not!
I should say so!
I should think not!
I smiled and shook my head.
I stared at him.
I think that is all.
I thought you knew.
I turned upon her.
I understand you perfectly.
I understand, he said.
I want to go on.
I want to know.
I want to see her.
I wish to see her.
I wonder what he wants?
I won't hurt you.
I’m coming to that.
I'm in no hurry.
I'm sure of it.
Is anything the matter?
Is it a secret?
Is it all right?
Is it not so?
It came about in this way.
It has gone now.
It is a fact.
It is a lie!
It is all right.
It is the only way.
It looks like it.
It shall be done!
It stands to reason.
It was a great success.
It was always so.
It was now near midnight.
It was of no use.
It was too late.
It was too ridiculous, she told herself.
It would be useless.
It’s nothing to me.
Just as I thought!
Just think of it!
Let us sit down.
Long live the king!
May I come in?
May I see it?
May I sit down?
No one paid any attention to him.
No, he had not.
No, not for them.
No, nothing at all.
No, of course not.
Nor was this all.
Not a bit of it.
Not a moment was to be lost.
Not a word was said.
Not a word was spoken.
Not if I know it!
Not in the least.
Not on your life!
Not that I know of.
Nothing of the kind.
Nothing to be seen!
Now I must go.
Now what is it?
Now, attend to me.
Of course he did.
Of course I am!
Of course I do!
Of course it is.
Of course we do.
Oh dear, oh dear!
Oh, I beg your pardon!
Oh, I don't know.
Oh, I know it!
Oh, is that all?
Oh, my dear child!
Oh, that will be fun!
Oh, that's too bad!
Oh, to be sure!
Oh, what a pity!
Oh, what is it?
Oh, you are, eh?
One can’t be too careful.
She could say no more.
She did not answer.
She did not know.
She made no reply.
She rose to her feet.
She shook her head.
She sinks to the ground.
She stared at him.
She was not there.
She was silent for a moment.
So far so good.
So much the better.
Stay where you are.
Take care of yourself.
Tell me about it.
Tell me what it is.
Thank God for that!
Thank you, just the same.
That goes without saying.
That is all I have to say.
That is all I know.
That is quite another matter.
That is quite true.
That is the question.
That is very interesting.
That is why I am here.
That was all right.
That was the question.
That’s what it is!
That's the worst of it.
That's what's the matter.
The affair was over.
The boy shook his head.
The devil take him!
The door was open.
The effect was magical.
The eventful day arrived.
The hell you say!
The other shook her head.
The problem was solved.
The sky was clear.
The woman shook her head.
Then he stood up.
Then he went in.
Then she looked up.
There is a way.
There is no help for it.
There is no time to lose.
There is nothing the matter with me.
There is too much at stake.
There was a long pause.
There was a long silence.
There was a pause.
There was a short silence.
There was a silence.
There was another silence.
There was no answer.
There was no doubt about it.
There was no need.
There was no reply.
There was no response.
There was no time to be lost.
There was nothing else to do.
There you have it!
There's nothing else for it.
There's nothing in it.
They are given in their original form.
This was too much.
This will never do.
Turn to the right.
Very well, very well.
Very well, she said.
Very well, he replied.
Well, I don't know.
Well, I like that!
Well, that's all right.
Well, we shall see.
Well, what do you want?
Well, what is it?
Well, what of it?
Well, what of that?
What am I to do with it?
What am I to do?
What are the facts?
What are they doing?
What are they like?
What are we going to do?
What are we to do?
What are you crying about?
What are you doing here?
What are you doing there?
What are you doing?
What are you going to do with me?
What are you going to do, sir?
What are you going to do?
What are you laughing at?
What are you talking about?
What are you thinking of?
What are you up to?
What became of him?
What can have happened?
What can I do for you?
What can I do?
What can it be?
What can it mean?
What can we do?
What can you do?
What could he do?
What could it be?
What could it mean?
What did he do?
What did he look like?
What did he mean?
What did he say?
What did he want?
What did I tell you?
What did it matter?
What did it mean?
What did they say?
What did you do it for?
What did you do?
What did you say your name was?
What did you say?
What did you think?
What do you advise, sir?
What do you advise?
What do you know about him?
What do you make of it?
What do you make of that?
What do you mean by saying such a thing?
What do you mean by that?
What do you mean to do?
What do you mean?
What do you say to that?
What do you say?
What do you think it was?
What do you think of him?
What do you think of that?
What do you think?
What do you want here?
What do you want me to do?
What do you want me to say?
What do you want of me?
What do you want?
What do you wish?
What does he look like?
What does he say?
What does it all mean?
What does it matter?
What does it mean?
What does she look like?
What does she say?
What does that mean?
What does this mean?
What else am I to do?
What else can I do?
What else could it be?
What good will that do?
What good would that do?
What had happened to them?
What has become of him?
What has he done?
What have I done?
What have you done?
What have you got there?
What have you got?
What have you there?
What is he like?
What is his name?
What is it all about?
What is it like?
What is it you want?
What is it you wish to know?
What is it, dear?
What is it, then?
What is it, Tom?
What is she like?
What is she to do?
What is the matter with you?
What is the matter?
What is the meaning of this?
What is there to be afraid of?
What is to be done?
What is your name?
What made you do it?
What makes you think so?
What makes you think that?
What more do you want?
What must I do?
What on earth do you mean?
What on earth does this mean?
What on earth is the matter?
What shall I do?
What shall we do now?
What shall we do?
What should he do?
What should I say?
What should she tell him?
What sort of a man was he?
What sort of man is he?
What time is it?
What time was it?
What was he like?
What was her name?
What was I to do?
What was it all about?
What was she like?
What was she to do?
What was the matter with him?
What was to be done?
What were we to do?
What will happen to him?
What will they think?
What will you have to drink?
What would you do?
What’s his other name?
What’s to be done?
What's it all about?
What's the matter now?
What's the matter with me?
What's the matter with them?
What's the matter with you?
What's to be done?
When did you see him last?
Where are the others?
Where are they now?
Where are we going?
Where are you going?
Where did he go?
Where did that come from?
Where did they come from?
Where did you come from?
Where did you get it?
Where do you live?
Where do you want to go?
Where have you been?
Where is it, then?
Where is my wife?
Where is your father?
Where will you go?
Who could it be?
Who is your father?
Who told you that?
Whose men are you?
Why did you do it?
Why did you tell me?
Why do you ask?
Why do you do it?
Why do you say that?
Why don't you say something?
Why don't you speak?
Why should you not?
Why, bless my soul!
Will no one go?
Will that suit you?
Will you breakfast with me?
Will you come with me?
Will you do this?
Will you go with me?
Will you hear it?
Will you marry me?
Won't you sit down?
You are making a mistake.
You are quite right.
You don’t like him?
You don't mean it!
You don't say so!
You know I have.
You know what I mean.
You know what I want.
You look like one.
You mistake me for another.
You ought to know.
You tell me, and I will do it.
She discovered a key hidden under her desk.
The police investigated the person for counterfeit money.
A new remuneration scheme has been announced by the government.
The old warehouse is no longer storing any noxious chemicals.
An economics discussion on TV went off the tangent to politics.
The island is covered by a thick, billowing white fog.
This food is quite insipid yet expensive.
I would give a good review of the new TV I bought a week ago.
Did you know that the word "commercial" could mean the same as "advertisement"?
I'm going with Clara to buy some pillows and bolsters.
She plans to install a bench on her balcony.
Watt is the SI unit of power.
I prefer to ride a taxi rather than train to go to the airport.
A villager planted this tree fifty years ago.
"Let's prepare for the picnic!", said Abigail.
Do you still remember your old account's password?
We usually parked our motorcycles near to this building.
Monday is not my worst day of the week.
A lemon tea could be great to drink this summer.
Are you going to Kyoto this June?
Victor and Victoria both enjoy traveling in Turkey.
Jason opened some old, dusty chests in the attic of his house.
Sorry for interrupting your lecture, Sir Edward.
The police aborted the investigation.
You could contact us if there is a problem with your admission.
Seoul has two main airports: one at Incheon and another one at Gimpo.
I had a great trip to a cocoa factory.
She bought three cod fishes to cook for dinner.
It is evident enough that someone was trying to trespass my house.
The old lady founded this organization thirty years ago.
Have you prepared for tomorrow's Geography quiz?
Sorry, but I need to inform Jason that I'll be late.
As a winner, Carlos gives his acceptance speech in front of the stage.
I booked a hotel in Bali, Indonesia for this holiday.
Today's task is writing a synopsis of Tata's recently-published novel.
Today, I am going to explain about Sundry Expenses.
The government's post went viral in just three days.
Acceleration is the rate of change in velocity.
I'm planning to buy some topological maps for my research.
This building has about ten stories.
This place is inaccessible by car due to the broken bridge.
Have you visited that famous bat cave, Albert?
The reviews they wrote on the Internet were not quite objective.
She turned into her lachrymosity while visiting her grandparents.
I'm going to roast some chestnuts.
Cheap, tawdry bags are being sold everywhere in this market.
She accuses her friend of cheating in class.
This headquarter is accessible to public only during weekends.
I'd like to order some cinnamon pretzels, please.
This award is given in three different categories.
It is going to be better than before.
Hey Lucy, have you remembered the lyrics for the anthem yet?
I am going to send some mail to my family.
Someone accidentally aborted the mission.
Have you planned your weekend activity yet?
She decided to study Accounting at a university in Portugal.
Elena took a photo of the fountain in front of the Eiffel Tower.
Nara took a flight from South Africa to Japan.
I saw too many advertisements covering this website.
I think I saw some actors were gathering at a large restaurant.
I had some problems in activating this coupon.
That is the weirdest dress I have found in this store.
She is absent from work at the drug store today.
She stored a collection of dictionaries and encyclopedia books in this cupboard.
He has modified a t-rex game for a Christmas event.
My nephew works as a barista in a small cafe in Edinburgh.
I really love to watch live streams of developer conferences.
I was told by my instructor to use a nichrome wire to burn metal solids.
The candles brightened the dark room near to the garage.
These home-made sculptures seem interesting to me.
Eleven scorpions were collected by a hunter.
At least twelve scripts were found in this chest.
Thirteen totems were spread across this island.
She brought fourteen rubber ducks to play in the swimming pool.
My office is located on level fifteen.
Sixteen participants are involved in a chess tournament.
Seventeen gardeners are working this afternoon.
She's now eighteen years old.
There are nineteen students in this Economics class.
The Central-Midlevels escalator system in Hong Kong consists of twenty escalators.
I suspect that Irene erased my backup copy of my report.
My niece sent me a nice photo of Moscow via email.
The element antimony is mainly used in flame retardants.
Paraffin wax is an important ingredient of a candle.
Are you still using your computer for the research?
I’ve got an announcement to make.
What is it, boss?
From now on, your salaries are going to be lowered by 20 percent.
You can’t do that, it is written in our contract.
Security, kick this guy out!
This is unacceptable, we must do something!
"We haven’t reached our target yet", said the boss.
We are doing an overtime ban as we are dissatisfied with the boss' decisions.
How bad can a boss be?
How many times should I tell you, don’t play Space War during work!
Have you finished with the Annual Report, Jane?
That’s what you get for testing my patience.
I have a list of candidates to replace you.
I just opened the link you sent to me.
The online dictionary is much easier and faster than the paper dictionary.
Check the main features on the website.
View the reviews, comments, and ratings on the website.
Check the website for viruses, biases, and scams.
Check whether the website is funded by ads, donations, or others.
Check the person and/or company who owns this website. 
Find how useful the information is on the website.
Verify the contents of the website.
Check the copyright, trademark, and patent information contained on the website.
Be careful in handling all the chemicals which are corrosive or irritant.
The metal ions have to be heated in the flame first.
It seems that the elderly are having difficulties in using the Internet.
I am quite surprised that the restaurant finally fixed the lighting problem.
Lastly, do not forget to submit your assignment by this week.
The album unexpectedly tops the sales chart this Christmas.
Have you ever tried donating to a non-profit movement?
May I borrow your bolster?
The train will depart from Paris by 5 pm.
Do not touch the apparatus before I told you to do so.
Excuse me, where may I find some Accounting books to borrow?
Please mind the gap between the platform and train.
I could not trust this survey as it is being outdated.
Paula decided to attend the Developer Conference next month.
How can I tell you that you are fit enough to join the camp?
The government just published a new public service announcement ad.
We will have a quiz on binomial nomenclature next week.
"Memes are very hackneyed", she wrote in her book.
I could not judge for her actions, but I believe that she is right.
Why didn't you come to our launch party?
Surveillance cameras were set to allow police to find suspicious activities.
Do not worry, I have the light torch in my grip.
Please refrain from taking pictures in this area.
According to the dictionary, the word "gizmo" means the same as "gadget".
First of all, I am introducing the facilitators of this science camp.
The college decided to ebb their plan for increasing their parking spaces.
Sine, cosine and tangent are three basic trigonometric equations you'll need to know.
I believe that there are lots of spiders gathering in the attic.
My cat loves to ensconce herself in my new sofa.
Sometimes, I need to clear my browser cache to save more storage space.
We took a visit to a seed bank last week.
Why not write a petition to the government?
At first, studying correlation in graphs is tough for me.
In 1995, the Indian government renamed "Bombay" to "Mumbai".
The driver's rating is quite low, and I felt suspicious.
So you haven't heard about the Bezier Tool, right?
Overhead projectors were popular in the twentieth century.
Looking the instrumental version of this song is really hard.
The boss just delayed the deadline for the report.
Vandalism could relay some funny messages, too!
"Nickelodeon" was an early movie machine before registered as a trademark.
If you just finished speaking this sentence, click the red button below to stop recording.
Thirty-two Turkish tourists took a trip to a turkey farm.
Seventeen students admired that Sam and Sally are both the smartest in their class.
There is nothing left behind in Aditya's old house.
This obfuscated script has been decoded by computers at about 3 months ago.
Apparently, the autocomplete feature is not working temporarily.
What I can say about the movie is that its effects are very great and awesome.
Badminton is my favorite type of racket sports.
This small house consists of three bedrooms and a bathroom.
I will explain more about the Bezier tool at the next meeting.
It is a wonderful Monday in London.
Let's have some tea and biscuits.
Alfred is currently busy in untangling and fixing a labyrinth of computer cables.
Next to the Cathedral is a 10-acre public park full of flowers and fountains.
Please do not mess up with the buttons on this machine.
Well, it seems that I am running out of cereals for breakfast.
Thanks for giving me an album of classical music.
Well, this exactly happens in an old story from Norwegia.
The hotel gives some complimentary water bottles to drink.
The contruction of a new theme park is immediately halted for an unknown reason.
I am giving you a new assignment about the counterargument paragraph.
She ever cycled around the country in 2005 as a fundraising attempt.
Please wait a moment while I am investigating the issue.
See you at the statue near to the magazine shop.
The majority of citizens are involved in a social media campaign.
He is currently setting up the microphones for the concert.
The sunlight shines over a sky full of clouds.
We are planning to visit the Grand Canyon.
It takes almost an hour to render this video.
She went to a park to take some footages.
When will you send the report to me?
Her computer suddenly shows a Blue Screen of Death.
She is being infected with influenza.
There are 32 students inside the classroom.
Make sure that your slide designs have an appropriate color selection and contrasts.
I have set myself three different objectives for this year.
The opening of a new shopping mall led to an increase in road traffic nearby.
So, are you planning to order a taxi?
I prefer not to take some public transport systems for security reasons.
She expects that her birthday cake should be pink, not purple.
The convenience store manager was mad at the unfriendly cashier.
Let's decide where should we hide in this closed department store.
She is having a meeting with a business consultant.
You might hear "font families" more than "typefaces", even though they could mean the same thing.
Many concerned people decided to uninstall some social media apps.
If you experience further problems, please let me know.
I would prefer to pay with cash rather than contactless prepaid cards.
Bananas contain a lot of sugar, even though they are fruits.
Someone finally figured out the password of this computer.
The new law prohibits smoking in public transportation systems.
I am excited about upcoming products released next year.
It's kinda weird.
I'm really sorry about that.
I can't wait until the new release comes out.
Who is your favorite artist?
Do you like contemporary paintings?
Don't overthink, just do it.
What is your name?
All of them are good.
Where are the keys?
I don't like this car.
I do like movies, but I prefer cartoons.
I prefer sparkling water over still.
Never do it again.
Twenty five units, please.
What did you say?
I will think about what to buy.
Just give me more time.
She is just.
Was it a good idea?
Is there anything I can do for you?
Let me help you guys.
This story is absolutely terrific!
See you later!
Bye for now!
What a strange kind of person!
It won't do you any harm.
Oh okay, I see.
Wait a minute!
There is nothing wrong with it.
It was a good clock.
Well, I think so.
I'm used to it.
Give me a couple of minutes.
Sort of a new kind of design.
There are too many typos in that letter.
So, what are your plans for tonight?
No, I don't want to be a pilot.
She's gonna like it, isn't she.
Come on, just stop thinking about it.
Let's start it all over again, how about that?
That one was my favorite!
Okay, that's not it.
I like movies and stuff like that.
Ninety five lines and no more, that's it.
Talk to me about it.
It's pretty straightforward, isn't it?
Love and hate are human feelings.
Please, be humble.
What a wonderful day!
Come on, I can handle it.
The tea was a little bit too hot.
Each and every child just loves toys.
It was an old car.
"A dreary name," said the Lord Chancellor.
"A fog, miss," said the young gentleman.
"A man of European reputation," murmured Mr. Badger.
"A very excellent idea," I said, and did so.
"A very excellent idea," said Aunt Dahlia.
"A virtue in which few Englishmen are deficient," observes Mr. Tulkinghorn.
"A woman and a man," he said.
"About five feet seven," he answered.
"Absolutely," I said with approval.
"Ah, my poor friend!" he said, when he saw the young man's distress.
"Ah, yes," he said, carelessly.
"Ah, you will be content, Adele, tonight," she cried.
"All right now," returns the trooper.
"All right," he said.
"All that I know I will tell readily," said Harry.
"All this, my dear," said I.
"Amen," said Aunt Dahlia.
"And Bleak House," said his lordship, "is in Hertfordshire".
"And I can never forget it," said Ada.
"And again," says mademoiselle with more tight and angry nods.
"And again," she repeats, cataleptic with determination.
"And here he is," said the Commissaire.
"And it sounds" he said, "like a small sum."
"And not you alone," he said, with a smile.
"And refused all proposals," said my guardian.
"And was I not wise?" he said, with complacency.
"Any one might forget," he said, with a reassuring smile.
"Anywhere's nowhere," said Miss Jellyby, stopping perversely.
"Anywhere, my dear," I replied.
"At twenty-five minutes past ten," replied the clerk shortly.
"Attila," she said at length.
"Babies come from amazon.com," he deadpanned.
"Bad show this, my dear old flesh and blood," I said.
"Be careful how you chew," I advised..
"Be so kind as to act as my solicitor," said Grandfather.
"Besides, your description is incomplete," he said.
"Besides," he added, breaking fiercely out, "I'll shame them."
"But Geneva is a big city" cried Harry in exasperation.
"But I don't want to live here," cried Dorothy.
"But I must," she said with a laugh.
"But don't let me wander from the subject," she resumed.
"But it is very possible that it does matter," he said gently.
"But it must have been this morning, I think," said I.
"But more persuadable we can, I hope," said I.
"But of course," she at once replied.
"But perhaps — " She stopped.
"But she could cry out," exclaimed Ricardo.
"But she said Adele's hair was black," interposed Mr. Ricardo.
"But that is a fine suggestion," he cried.
"But that is astounding," he said, in an awe-struck voice.
"But we must cross it," said the Scarecrow.
"But we must have a basket to ride in," he said.
"But you had already guessed 'Geneva,'" said Ricardo.
"But you must have made a mistake," said the Commissaire.
"But you never said a word about it to us," he grumbled.
"But you will have a nurse," he said firmly.
"But" he stammered, "the case upon the dressing-room table was empty."
"But, mademoiselle, you are safe," he said, with a smile.
"By all means," he replied, with a smile of extreme courtesy.
"Can't you see the scene?" he asked with a queer smile of excitement.
"Certainly I permit it," said Celia, with indifference.
"Certainly not, Sir Leicester," "I am glad to hear it."
"Certainly, if madame wishes," said Helene submissively.
"Certainly, old bird," I said cordially.
"Charley," said I, "are you so cold?"
"Come in," said Oz.
"Come, Helene, be quick," said Celia.
"Come, my friend," he said, "let us hear exactly how this happened!"
"Come," he says; "I am ready."
"Confide fully in him," she said after a little while.
"Death must have been instantaneous," said the doctor.
"Decent of you to rally round, Bertie," she said.
"Did you hear anything?" he asked in a whisper.
"Did you know that?" he asked in English.
"Does it matter," he asked, with some solicitude.
"Don't be frivolous, my dear old butler," I said.
"Don't mention it, old man," I responded courteously.
"Don't mind this gentleman," he says in his quiet way.
"Don't try me too high," she begged.
"Don't try, my dear," he answered.
"Esther, dear," she said very quietly, "I am not going home again."
"Every one of them, miss," said Charley.
"Everything is in the safe," Helene insisted.
"Fishy," he said.
"For the last time," she pleaded to herself.
"For tonight," he said, "I am your papa!"
"For you, miss, if you please," said she.
"For you," she said with a kiss.
"From gentlemen to apprentices," said my guardian, smiling.
"Geneva time is an hour later than French time," he said shortly.
"Get me some gum or paste, and quickly," he said.
"Gimme," said Aunt Dahlia listlessly.
"Glinda might," he suggested.
"Go on, mademoiselle," he said.
"Go on," exclaimed Dorothy.
"God bless him," I thought, "for his truth to me!"
"Good-bye," replied the princess.
"Hallo, Bertie, you old ass," was her very matey greeting.
"He ain't come in yet," says Judy.
"He has never hurt anybody but himself," says Mr. George, smiling.
"He is changed," he returned, shaking his head.
"He is living concealed at Mr. George's," said I.
"He looks as if he had not slept," he said.
"He should look in the safe," said she.
"He was arrested this evening," he said.
"Helene is expecting us," said she.
"Her manner was strange," said I.
"Her room is, I think, upstairs," he said.
"Here I am," says Bart.
"Here he is," said Hanaud, taking up his hat.
"Here is another space between the trees," called the Lion.
"His parents will be expecting him," Helene added.
"How could he have the news?" exclaimed Ricardo, whose brain was whirling.
"How still and peaceful everything is," said Angela.
"Hullo, eyesore," she said.
"I accept it with many thanks," returned the trooper.
"I admit it most fully and freely," said I.
"I always thought you were such friends," said Angela.
"I am afraid, my friend, that is so," he said gravely.
"I am in town on leave just now," said Richard.
"I am very glad indeed to hear it," says Sir Leicester.
"I am very glad to go there, sir," I answered.
"I am well enough," says Mr. George.
"I am well known to be prudent," says Mr. George, composedly smoking.
"I beg mademoiselle's pardon if I hurt her," said Adele.
"I beg your pardon, sir," he said.
"I can never forget it," said Richard.
"I can't come back, my dear," called Oz from the basket.
"I can't imagine," said I.
"I can't wait," he cried, with a passionate appeal.
"I can't," she returned.
"I can, and I do," I said.
"I cannot understand your calmness," he exclaimed.
"I couldn't do that," she exclaimed.
"I couldn't say," he replied, beginning to sidle round the bench.
"I covet nothing," said he in the same light way.
"I did not," he said, "I do not now".
"I didn't know I was crying, sir," I faltered.
"I do not know," answered Harry.
"I do," said I, "quite confidently."
"I don't know yet," said Bucket in the same tone.
"I don't mean absolutely that," he returned.
"I don't say that," he returned, gravely.
"I don't take kindly to the breed," said Mr. George.
"I feel wise, indeed," he answered, earnestly.
"I go out to work, sir," returns Charley.
"I had not followed my suggestion to its conclusion," he admitted humbly.
"I hardly know what it was like, guv'nor," said Phil, considering.
"I hate publicity," said Ricardo acidly.
"I have a sister in London, a widow," he said.
"I have always liked you as you were," said Dorothy, simply.
"I have come for my brains," remarked the Scarecrow, a little uneasily.
"I have come for my courage," announced the Lion, entering the room.
"I have nothing to say to you," rejoins Mr. Tulkinghorn.
"I have quite recovered my health and my cheerfulness," said I.
"I have taken your good luck away," said the girl remorsefully.
"I have," said the Scarecrow.
"I hope he does," says Tony, "but I doubt it."
"I hope number two's as good" snarls the old man.
"I hope you will pardon me," she said humbly.
"I know quite enough about it," returns Tony.
"I know, monsieur, that Helene is not my friend," she said.
"I left this behind me," he said, putting it into his pocket.
"I may come too?" cried Mr. Ricardo eagerly.
"I mean to try hard," she answers, wiping her eyes.
"I must succeed tonight," she said to herself — "I must!"
"I passed the gate of the villa about half-past nine," he said.
"I quite understand that," said I.
"I really don't, sir," I returned.
"I remember the whole incident vividly," I said.
"I say, Bertie," she said, meditatively chewing fruit salad.
"I see," I said, though I didn't, being still fogged.
"I see," he said, at length.
"I shall be glad to have your company," said Dorothy.
"I shall be guided," replies George, "entirely by it."
"I shall not put him to the proof," said my guardian.
"I shall not want them," said Celia.
"I shall see you tomorrow evening," he said, holding her hand.
"I shall try," he said.
"I should have thought," he said solemnly.
"I should think not," rejoins Mr. Bucket.
"I suppose not," said Dorothy.
"I suppose there will be," she said regretfully.
"I thank you, miss," said he.
"I think I am, miss," she replied.
"I think I do," says Jo.
"I think I know what's on your mind, Tuppy," I said.
"I think it is ready," said I.
"I think she wore them," she said doubtfully.
"I think so," said he, laughing.
"I think that I can," he said, and he produced his card.
"I thought you might have been a trifle peeved," I said.
"I understand," he said, meekly accepting the correction.
"I want you to fly with me to Kansas," said Dorothy.
"I will go down and open the gate," he whispered.
"I will have inquiries made," he said.
"I will tell you," he said, in his most confidential tones.
"I will turn on the light," she said.
"I will wear what you please," she said, with a smile.
"I will, indeed," he replied cheerily.
"I wish I could," she murmured.
"I wish it was," he returned, "with all my heart."
"I wish it were," growls Tony, without changing his position.
"I wrote a letter while we were taking our luncheon," he explained.
"I'm cleaning the upstairs back room, miss," replies Charley.
"I'm very sorry," returned Dorothy; "please forgive us."
"I've got it," I said.
"If it is not being troublesome," said we.
"If only we are in time!" he said, catching his breath.
"If you believe you are a good prophet," said I.
"If you please, sir," said I.
"If you were to go to her;" He shook his head.
"Impossible," she repeated.
"In the meantime," I ventured to observe, "he is getting worse."
"Indeed I do," he said, with a laugh.
"Indeed, I think so, Esther," replied she.
"Is it," Mr. George muses, "blank cartridge or ball?"
"It draws," says Jo, "as heavy as a cart."
"It is a green fabric," he said very wisely.
"It is all done," he said, with a nod of the head.
"It is green chiffon," he said.
"It is infamous," he cried passionately.
"It is kind of you to like a Scarecrow," he replied.
"It is not likely to occur again," said I, smiling.
"It is not surprising," said he.
"It is not true, monsieur," cried Celia earnestly.
"It is terrible," he said.
"It might open a new world to him," said I.
"It seems gloomy," said the Scarecrow.
"It shall wait here," said Ricardo.
"It was a powerful car?" "Sixty horse-power," he said.
"It was a shot," he said.
"It was in the north, sir, as we came down," observed Richard.
"It was madame who wished you to believe," she stammered.
"It was not I who sent it," said Ricardo eagerly.
"It will be necessary to keep that," he said.
"It will do us good to walk, madame," pleaded Adele.
"It will make no difference now," he said.
"It would be kind," said Helene.
"It's a mistake," he said.
"It's all for nothing!" he screamed rather than cried.
"It's all right," I said.
"It's cursed luck," he said.
"It's disgraceful," she said.
"It's the boy, miss," said he.
"It's twenty-four pounds, sixteen, and sevenpence ha'penny," observed the stranger.
"Jeeves," I said, "I had not expected this of you."
"Jeeves," I said, "a word with you."
"Jeeves," I said, "all this is a bit thick."
"Jeeves," I said, "do you know what?"
"Jewels which she keeps in the safe in her bedroom," she added.
"Judy," says the old man, "have you got the pipe?"
"Just run through that wheeze again, Jeeves," I said thoughtfully.
"Just so, just so," the old man nods.
"Just so," observes the stationer with his confirmatory cough.
"Keep your hands so, please, mademoiselle," said Adele; "your fingers loose."
"Let me hear," he said gravely.
"Let me look at your forehead," he says, bending down.
"Let me see," said I, pretending to consider.
"Let me see," said Richard, looking at his watch.
"Let me see," said she.
"Let us go somewhere at any rate," said I.
"Let us go," he said.
"Listen to me," he said solemnly.
"Look here," said Tony, recoiling.
"Lovely evening," I said.
"Lovely," I agreed.
"Mademoiselle has not moved," she said.
"Marrow puddings," he says instantly.
"Military time, sir," he replied.
"Miss Clare," said the Lord Chancellor.
"Miss Summerson really is my ward," he said.
"Miss Summerson," he repeated, and looked at me again.
"Monsieur is pleased to laugh at me," he said.
"Monsieur, I am speaking the truth," said the chauffeur.
"Monsieur," he cried, "something has been taken from this room."
"Monsieur," she said, "you do not go the right way."
"More than ever," he said.
"My dear, I don't know it," said I.
"My friend, I also am remembering those words," he said.
"My place was by your side, Aunt Dahlia," I responded.
"Never mind the patch," exclaimed the happy Woodman.
"No doubt," is Mr. Tulkinghorn's composed reply.
"No idea of money," observed Mr. Bucket.
"No knife made it," he asserted.
"No one can pass," said he.
"No", said Celia, with a contemptuous laugh.
"No, my dear," said I.
"No, my friend, she could not cry out," he replied very seriously.
"No, my friend," he answered.
"No, no, my love," said he.
"No," said I, as she seemed to wait for me.
"No," said Ricardo, with a smile.
"Nonsense, my friend," he said, clapping the disconsolate man upon the shoulder.
"Nor could I — at the time," said he.
"Not a bit of it," said the strange man.
"Not in the least," said he.
"Not to you," said Gussie.
"Not too quickly," he whispered.
"Nothing could have kept me away," I replied, touched.
"Nothing particular," returns the trooper.
"Nothing," I said.
"Now, mistress," said the lawyer, tapping the key hastily upon the chimney-piece.
"Now," she adds, "show me the spot again!"
"O Lord," said the young man.
"Of course not," said madame briskly.
"Of course you should, you silly ass," said Gussie genially.
"Of course, madame," she said, with a certain submissiveness which surprised Ricardo.
"Oh, I don't go so far as that," he said reluctantly.
"Oh, Mrs. Woodcourt," said I, "that is so difficult!"
"Oh, aye," replied Richard, "I'm all right."
"Oh, dear no, miss," he said.
"Oh, hullo, Tuppy," I said, "I wanted to see you."
"Oh, look," she said.
"Oh, my dear," he returned with a hopeless gesture.
"Oh, no;" answered the Woodman.
"Oh, poor child," said I; "let me out, if you please!"
"Oh, right ho," I said hastily.
"Oh, yes, it has, my dear," he said laughingly.
"Oh, yes; sit down in that chair, please," replied Oz.
"Oh, you'll be all right," I said.
"On the contrary," he replied.
"On the other hand you have four thousand francs," protested the detective.
"Only a matter of form, miss," returned the young gentleman.
"Only for the best, guardian," said I.
"Only round the corner," said Mr. Guppy.
"Over thirteen, sir," replied the child.
"Perfectly," said Adele in a malicious tone.
"Perhaps Helene has fainted," she said anxiously: "she does not come."
"Perhaps there are wild beasts in the forest now," said Dorothy.
"Precisely the same," said Mr. Badger.
"Probably," returns Mr. Tulkinghorn, quietly blowing his nose.
"Push that in at the first post office you pass," I said.
"Put the banknotes upon the table," he said hurriedly.
"Quick, Helene," said Celia. But Helene did not hurry.
"Quite so," said Adele comfortably.
"Quite," I replied guardedly.
"Quite," I said, a little hurriedly.
"Read it," he said.
"Remain a moment, Esther," said he, "You were in my thoughts."
"Richard," I urged, "it is not so hopeless as that?"
"Rick is mistaken, my dear," he would say to her.
"Right ho," I said.
"See," he continued, "you are wrong: she is coming."
"Send your valet away," he said.
"She has left her footmarks clear enough," he whispered.
"She has no need of it," said he.
"She is like the morning," he said.
"She is still weak," said the Commissaire.
"She looks honest," he said, with a sigh of relief.
"She means well," said Mr. Jarndyce hastily.
"She must be softened up," I said.
"She seems quite happy," he said.
"She should have come by the omnibus," he repeated and repeated stupidly.
"She will do all she can to make me happy," said I.
"She's worth her weight in gold," said the trooper.
"Shove it down, Aunt Dahlia," I said sympathetically.
"Silly young geezer," I said.
"So I gave him notice," said Mrs. Blinder.
"So it is, so it is," returned my guardian hurriedly.
"So it might," my guardian assented.
"So the name was Adele," he whispered.
"So you went at a walk," he said.
"So, cousin," said the cheerful voice of Richard to Ada behind me.
"Speak to Esther, my dearest," said Richard, breaking the silence presently.
"Still, she was not wearing them, I know," he said decisively.
"Summer lightning," he thought.
"Tails up be dashed," was her sombre response.
"Tails up, Aunt Dahlia," I urged buoyantly.
"Temporarily, yes," I had to admit.
"Thank you once more, mademoiselle," he said.
"Thank you," he answered.
"Thank you," he said, and the waiter moved away.
"Thank you," said Dorothy, gratefully.
"That is proof that he is sharp," remarked the Lion.
"That is quite true," he said.
"That is so," he said quietly.
"That is true," agreed the Woodman.
"That is true," said the doctor.
"That is your explanation, mademoiselle," he said gently.
"That man will take advice from no one," he declared.
"That must be a matter of opinion," said the Tin Woodman.
"That perhaps we shall see," he said.
"That very sleeve," he said, pointing.
"That was April Fool Day," says Mr. George, resuming his breakfast.
"That was just before I came," he said.
"That was madness," he said.
"That was me," said Mr. Bucket.
"That was not my meaning," returns Sir Leicester.
"That was the time, sir," answers Tony, faintly adjusting his whiskers.
"That we shall see," he said, pointing to the woodwork.
"That would make me very unhappy," answered the china princess.
"That's all right," said the Scarecrow.
"That's better," he said cheerfully.
"That's so cliche" she said.
"That's very like her," says Mr. Guppy.
"The Post Office would have stopped letters or telegrams," he said.
"The Silver Shoes," said the Good Witch, "have wonderful powers".
"The case is in your hands," said the Commissaire.
"The girl will know," said Helene.
"The interior of the room gaped black," he resumed.
"The universe," he observed, "makes rather an indifferent parent, I am afraid."
"Then I will tell him he may go tomorrow," said Celia.
"Then do it," he said with a smug grin.
"Then he can go jolly fast now," said Aunt Dahlia with animation.
"Then we will buy the cord in town," she said.
"Then why don't you —?" he began, and stopped.
"Then, cousin John —  " Ada laughingly began again.
"There are strong resemblances," he said guardedly.
"There had always been the row of footlights," she said.
"There has been no breach," I said.
"There is a pearl necklace missing," he said.
"There is nothing more for us to see here," he said.
"There is something cold there," said Tuppy, with growing cheerfulness.
"There it is," and he handed the man a five-franc piece.
"There we are," he said, with his shrill, wavering laugh.
"There will be danger, then?" he said, with a tremor of excitement.
"These are very fine," said my guardian.
"They are both friends of mine," he replied.
"They are crying it in the streets," said he.
"They die everywhere," said the boy.
"They know," he answered - "those in England know."
"They threaten me," said Harry.
"This is a horrible house," says Mr. Guppy, shutting the window.
"This is a lovely place," said Richard, looking round.
"This is a very sensible woman," said my guardian.
"This is my grandson," says Grandfather.
"This is my room," she said warningly, pointing to the bedroom.
"This is strange," exclaimed Dorothy; "what shall we do?"
"This," said my godmother in an undertone, "is the child."
"To be sure," said the judge, with a savage sarcasm.
"To me this story does not seem invented," he replied.
"To see the Good Witch who rules here," she answered.
"True," answered Oz.
"Up the hill to the Hotel Majestic," said Ricardo.
"Very good," I said coldly.
"Very good," said my guardian.
"Very well, mademoiselle," said Helene.
"Very well, my dear," said I.
"Very well," answered Oz, meekly.
"Very well," answered the little man.
"Very well," answered the little man; "I will get it for you."
"Very well," smiled Mrs. Badger, "we will say still young."
"We are doing very well," pursued Richard.
"We can't go back now," said Adele in a frantic whisper.
"We have had no such tests as these," she explained, half in hope.
"We have seen everything here; let us go upstairs," he said.
"We know that the murderer has escaped," he replied hotly.
"We must go," he whispered hoarsely.
"We must go," said Harry.
"We must go," said she.
"We must search Geneva, then," he cried.
"We need not keep this room locked," he said.
"We shall be in time, I think," he said.
"We shall go tomorrow morning," returned the Scarecrow.
"We will begin at the beginning," he said briskly.
"We will find her easily," said Harry.
"We will go and lunch," he said.
"We will proceed with the hearing on Wednesday fortnight," says the Chancellor.
"We will take a cab," she said: "it will save time."
"Well, Bertie, dear," she said, "here we all are."
"Well, Gussie," I said.
"Well, I'll tell you what I think," said the little man.
"Well, I'm glad you're feeling braced," I said.
"Well, Jeeves," I said, "it was certainly one of those afternoons."
"Well, if you say so," said Gussie doubtfully.
"Well, we will call her Adele," he said impatiently.
"What I think is this," he cried, flinging himself back.
"What have I to say?" he grumbled in a husky voice.
"What is the matter?" said Mr. Ricardo superbly.
"What the devil," he asked, "are you talking about?"
"Whatever you do, do not frighten her," he repeated.
"When it's ready, my dear," he replied.
"Who can read the heart?" "You can," returned Richard.
"Why, I must get a lodging of some sort," said Richard, pondering.
"Why, it's true," returns one of the policemen.
"Why, my dear," said I, "what beautiful flowers!"
"Why, my dear," she answered promptly, "of course it would!"
"Why, no, my dear," he replied.
"Why, not quite, my dear," said Mrs. Jellyby in the calmest manner.
"Why, now I'll tell you, Miss Summerson," he replied.
"Why, of course I am," said Richard, astonished at my simplicity.
"With pleasure," she answered, and brought a towel at once.
"Yes", said Hanaud, with a malicious smile.
"Yes", she said, with a pleased smile.
"Yes, Charley," said I, quietly putting up my hair.
"Yes, Charley," said Tom, "almost quite bright."
"Yes, I have heard of him," said Ada.
"Yes, I see that," he said dryly.
"Yes, and at once," cried Wethermill.
"Yes, indeed," repeats Sir Leicester.
"Yes, madame," answered the maid.
"Yes, monsieur," said Helene, recovering herself.
"Yes, of course," replied Oz.
"Yes, sir," she says, "really and truly."
"Yes, that is true," was the reply.
"Yes, that is very important," he said awkwardly.
"Yes, there are differences," he said.
"Yes, we happened to meet oftener," he returned.
"Yes, yes" - the words came now firm and clear.
"Yes, yes, you are tired," said he.
"Yes, yes," he said, in a soothing voice.
"Yes, you must not neglect that clue," he said.
"Yes, you," he said, turning round.
"Yes," he exclaimed, "what have you done?"
"Yes," he said pleasantly.
"Yes," he said, nodding his approval.
"Yes," he said; "so I thought you would decide."
"Yes," he snarled, "my wife's deaf."
"Yes," said Celia, "that will do very well."
"Yes," said Harry sullenly.
"Yes," said Mr. Ricardo eagerly.
"Yes," said the manager.
"Yes," said the old man abstractedly.
"Yes," says Mr. Tulkinghorn, coolly getting up and standing on the hearth.
"Yes," she said, nodding thoughtfully, "you're quite right."
"Yes; come to my hotel," said Harry.
"Yesterday evening's paper," he corrected.
"Yet the gravel was wet," he said, shaking his head.
"Yet there is perhaps, another explanation," he continued.
"Yonder, among the oak trees," said the tiger, pointing with his fore-foot.
"You are a jewel of a woman," said he.
"You are a vixen, a vixen!" she repeats with fierce disdain.
"You are better, mademoiselle," he said politely.
"You are out early, ma'am," said I as she curtsied to me.
"You are unusual," replied Glinda.
"You can trust her," she said in a trembling voice.
"You do," she said very shortly.
"You have been a soldier," observes Sir Leicester, "and a faithful one."
"You have found me out!" he cried, in mock alarm.
"You have plenty of courage, I am sure," answered Oz.
"You have won, monsieur," he said.
"You know I don't," said I.
"You may bring the letters," she says, "if you choose."
"You must come too," she said stubbornly.
"You must have a lawyer," pursued my guardian.
"You must have been thinking again," remarked the Tin Woodman.
"You needn't make a merit of that," said she.
"You promised you would blindfold the girl," he cried hoarsely.
"You reached your hotel at ten," he repeated.
"You romantic child," said she, lightly patting the girl's back.
"You said about ten," Tony repeats.
"You see, we shall find out nothing — nothing," said Harry, with a groan.
"You think I have begun ill, sir," retorted Richard.
"You will be present, Helene," she cried excitedly.
"You will excuse my having mentioned my daughters," he said.
"You will not, mademoiselle," he said.
"You will, perhaps, meet me tomorrow in Geneva," she said.
"Your Silver Shoes will carry you over the desert," replied Glinda.
"Your servant, sir," says Mr. George with a military salute.
'Bertie — let me go!' 'But I haven't got hold of you.'
'Can't you guess?' 'I'm dashed if I can.'
'Counsel’s Office,’ replied the executor in a whisper.
'Crawling out' is entirely the wrong way to put it.
'Defeatist' sums it up to a nicety.
'Do you hear?’ she continued.
'Don't do it!' she exclaimed, quivering in every limb.
'He did not check up' I said, champing contentedly.
'He is dead, sir.' 'Thank heaven for that.'
'I am not accustomed to talk rot,' he said.
'It's amazing' she said, drinking me in once more.
'Lady Catherine,' said she, 'you have given me a treasure.'
'Let me in, blast you!' responded Tuppy's voice from without.
'My darling,' he will say tenderly, 'is there anything I can do?'
'Right ho, Jeeves.' 'Very good, sir.'
'Seen Jeeves anywhere?' I asked, eventually coming through.
'Then, for a beginner,' I said, 'you do it dashed well.'
'There was much laughter.' 'There was, eh?'
'Was Tuppy after you?' I asked sympathetically.
'Well, why not?' said Aunt Dahlia.
'What's he doing here?' asked Gussie suspiciously.
'Why, yes, Tom, darling,' you will reply.
A Bank Holiday in Britain is like a public holiday in America
A Cancer tumor can be characterized as a benign or malignant growth.
A Christmas Carol.
A Counter-factual is something that would have happened if something else had happened.
A Dove is a type of bird.
A Field Programming Gate Array is a processor designed for machine learning.
A Man o’ War is an archaic ship of war.
A Merry Christmas to all!
A Neonatal Intensive Care Unit Incubator helps weak babies grow.
A Pulmonary Embolism is dangerous.
A Stanley knife is a popular British utility knife
A Tensor Processing Unit is optimized for machine learning algorithms.
A baby incubator helps premature babies grow.
A bad bruise, and the skin sadly broken.
A balcony ran along outside.
A ballpoint pen is sometimes called a Biro, after its Hungarian inventor
A barrister is a type of lawyer, particularly one who argues cases in court
A beautiful world, full of happiness on every side.
A bee buzzed around and landed on his nose.
A being must be intelligent, to replicate human intelligence.
A big canvas tent was the first thing to come within his vision.
A bird of the air?
A bird twittered, but not so much as a chirp escaped Bertram.
A bit above par at the moment, as it were?
A bit un-English, old man, you must admit.
A black asphalt surface absorbs heat and results in cities being hotter.
A blood clot is dangerous to humans.
A born distributor, who will do you credit.
A boy is born in Bethlehem.
A brain stroke can have devastating life changing consequences.
A breakfast-stall at a street-corner suggests the first thing to be done.
A breeze block is made from a type of concrete.
A brickmaker's wife, Charley?
A bridge crosses a ravine high up amongst the mountains.
A building society provides mortgages, loans and other financial services
A bullet train is also known as a maglev.
A bunch of teenagers broke into the excavator last night and trashed the place.
A burst of laughter was his reward.
A bush chief had died a natural death.
A cafetiere is a very convenient device for making coffee
A car becomes twisted and mangled in a high speed crash.
A car has windows, lights, wheels... et cetera.
A car hire centre is a good place to rent a car
A car must be regularly serviced.
A car should be checked annually to certify it is safe to drive.
A catalytic converter stops dangerous gases being pumped into the atmosphere.
A catapult is not as dangerous as a crossbow
A cavity had formed in his tooth, a filling was needed.
A change came in a few months, but a disastrous change.
A chartered accountant is authorised to certify financial statements
A chill struck through her.
A chocolate wrapper keeps sweets fresh.
A class action was brought against the company.
A clear ten thousand per annum.
A clergyman like you must marry.
A club acquaintance, and a mere one at that.
A code of ethics should be agreed upon.
A cold collation has been set out in the dining-room.
A cold drought was felt in the room.
A combination of Canadian capital quickly organized and petitioned for the same privileges.
A combine harvester is a dream come true for farmers.
A commode is a movable toilet that is useful for the elderly.
A company that spends more than it potentially earns faces diminishing returns.
A connected city will gather data on public utilities and enhance efficiency.
A crate must be safely secured to avoid damage during transport.
A crotchet, pronounced with the t, is equivalent to a quarter note
A cry of joy burst from Philip's lips.
A cyst had formed.
A dark flush overspread his face.
A day or two, and you will be yourself again.
A dead man is of no use on a plantation.
A dense justice in a corner is beguiled into a wink.
A deposit of four hundred pounds is deductible from the final fee.
A detective knows how to connect the dots.
A diaper or nappy is an absorbent undergarment for babies
A different thing from boasting of one's triumphs on the wheel.
A dish cloth absorbs liquids well.
A disturbing picture, you will admit.
A dread and faintness fell upon me, and I called to Charley.
A dye is used to highlight blockages within the arteries.
A faint colour came into the maid's face.
A fair bit of road, Turnbull, and not badly engineered.
A fairy must have been crying.
A fake website or email is known as a spoof or phish attempt.
A feeling of remorse seized hold of him.
A few feet away a man, a thief, was peering in.
A few people stopped and watched her curiously, and went on again.
A fine night, and a bright large moon, and multitudes of stars.
A fish of the sea or river?
A flash in the pan or a shot?
A flash mob came to our town today.
A flying arrow passed between us.
A footballer is someone who plays Association Football, or soccer
A former mayor is giving a speech on Friday.
A fortnight is a period of fourteen days and nights
A fortnight's acquaintance is certainly very little.
A fresh wind had risen, and the occupant wanted to light a cigarette.
A fugitive from justice, eh?
A gentleman and a stranger!
A giddy lot Scudder’s friends cared for peace and reform.
A girl always knows.
A glance told me that we were playing to capacity.
A glass of wine; shall I get you one?
A good conscience means better sleep.
A good landing is any landing you walk away from.
A good riddance to me, whether as clerk or client!
A good spy is trained to have a photographic memory.
A good tone, mind you!
A good way of demonstrating an analogy is through a story.
A great deal more passed at the other table.
A great landing is one where the aircraft is reusable.
A great weight seemed to have rolled off my mind.
A greengrocer specialises in selling fruit and vegetables
A gritting lorry is used to grit the roads when frost is expected overnight
A grubby little brute he was, I recollect.
A gun is fired close by.
A gymnast moves around flexibly.
A half a case of tobacco was worth three pounds.
A hallmark of talented engineers is their attitude to learning things out of curiosity.
A healthy work life balance makes you more productive.
A highway is commonly referred to as motorway in England.
A horde of angry toddlers is the scariest thing I can imagine.
A hot wave went over Paul.
A house is built one block at a time.
A human life is a human life, what?
A human worker augmented with Artificial Intelligence can outperform a machine.
A humanitarian espouses love for humanity.
A hundred miles away.
A hurricane is also known as a twister in some countries.
A jingle of keys followed.
A key competency of this role is communicating with customers.
A kind of angry smile just dawns upon her face.
A kitchen feels empty without any appliances.
A ladybird is a type of red and black flying insect
A ladybird is sometimes known as a ladybug
A lament and a celebration.
A large chunk of my wage is spent on fuel.
A laudable sentiment.
A lean startup has the capability of taking on large experienced brands.
A liberal tumblerful, sir.
A library is more than just a room full of books
A light broke over his face.
A light burned in the hall.
A light shone in upon me all at once.
A light-coloured dress was lying at the bottom.
A likely story!
A lion is a predatory animal.
A little before dawn of the day following, the fire relief came.
A little bread, a little water.
A little bright-eyed terrier, you know, with oh, such long curly brown hair!
A little colour returned to her cheeks.
A little soft about a mile off, and the edges want cleaning.
A little treatment, massage, with some help from the doctor.
A lively imagination soon settled it all.
A living will, leaves little room for dispute.
A lot of our history has not survived.
A lovely morning, is it not?
A low exclamation from Hanaud interrupted the words.
A machine learning model will need to be retrained to avoid decay.
A maddening joy pounded in his brain.
A marked improvement.
A masterly pie, Bertie, and it wasn't more than half finished.
A meal presented well is most memorable.
A mere habit in me.
A mere ordinary tribute of respect to a great artist.
A message delivered with great skill.
A military man, my dear.
A mimim is a musical term corresponding to a half note
A minim is a musical term corresponding to a half note
A minim is a musical term corresponding to a half note.
A minute more and we are there.
A moment before he was intoxicated by a joy that was almost madness.
A month in Australia would finish me.
A month passed by, and Bonanza Creek remained quiet.
A motor-boat nips on ahead, trailing a rope.
A movement even was enough.
A necklace — a good one — some good rings, and bracelets.
A needle and thread we don't know how to use.
A nephew's love made me overlook the slur.
A neurotic girl, sir, I agree.
A new Chief Justice will need to be appointed.
A new intern will be joining us on Monday.
A new preacher and a new doctrine come to Jerusalem.
A nine-mile ride, and another nine-mile ride back.
A number of the people who took part could easily point to the problem
A panel of light shone upon the wall a few paces ahead.
A paraffin lamp is very useful if you're intending to go camping
A parent is a nurturer of positive energy.
A patent attorney is a type of lawyer specialising in intellectual property
A patent attorney is a type of lawyer who specialises in patent law
A person is innocent unless they are proven guilty.
A person is never known till a person is proved.
A person may be proud without being vain.
A person who listens before he speaks, makes them wise.
A person who lives to one hundred is called a centenary or centennial.
A piano, one fiddle, and a floor like sandpaper.
A picture is worth a thousand words.
A police officer will not abandon his responsibilities to protect and serve.
A power user is well versed in using a system.
A prenuptial agreement was signed.
A priest and nun walked past us earlier.
A professional babysitter is often known as a childminder
A question or two would put them on the track.
A quick, feverish whisper was heard.
A rallying cry against shortsighted governments.
A rapper creates rap music.
A re-tweet does not equals endorsement.
A respectable English country house or a crimson dancing school?
A rising tide of fat had submerged them.
A sailing boat is much more challenging than a rowing boat
A scarlet loincloth completed his costume.
A school environment is conducive to learning.
A second and more penetrating glance and I had assembled the facts.
A semibrieve is a musical note having a duration equivalent to a whole note
A shadow was creeping over Pierre's eyes.
A sinewy hand, dripping with water, was clutching the rail.
A single man of large fortune; four or five thousand a year.
A sketch finished, he always wanted to take it to Miriam.
A skipping rope is a very popular toy
A slight flush mantled the cheek, and the eyes popped a bit.
A small part of Derbyshire is all the present concern.
A smart car should send out an automatic distress call after a car accident.
A smile flickered over his drawn face.
A solar flare is due within the hour.
A sort of spasm of horror and apprehension contorted her face.
A spec of dust went in my eye.
A staring baronet, with a truncheon, gets a dimple in his chin.
A startled exclamation burst from Ricardo.
A statement of intent should be clear and unambiguous.
A steak-and-kidney pie.
A stent was fitted to open up the blockages.
A storm in a teacup
A strange fire burned in his eyes when Thorpe turned.
A strange thing then happened.
A string across a cupboard!
A strong light beat out through the widening gap upon his face.
A sudden "What ho!" from my rear caused me to turn.
A sudden bright light shone upon me.
A swarm of insects surround it.
A sweater is known as a jumper in England.
A thing begun is half done.
A thing to jar the most phlegmatic.
A thistle may be pretty but will prick you if you get too close.
A thousand thanks for the permission.
A threatening, murderous, dangerous fellow.
A three-piece suit consists of jacket, waistcoat and trousers
A time before recorded history.
A tiny gnome suddenly appeared.
A touch of salmon? With a suspicion of salad?
A trickle of fresh blood ran over his face.
A truck is known as a lorry in England.
A twiglet is a small twig.
A two story dwelling, on a brick foundation.
A valance is the same thing as a pelmet
A valuable necklace, from the description in the list and some rings.
A very charming and beautiful girl.
A very good school it is, and handsomely supported by this family.
A very great shock.
A very matey scheme.
A very neat way of putting it.
A very valuable person, and deservedly respected.
A voice of despair rang through the room.
A voice spoke — a man's voice.
A watchman tumbled over me.
A whisky and soda, eh?
A white asphalt surface creates less greenhouse gases.
A white blood cell helps the body heal and fight diseases.
A wildly exciting time was his during the week preceding Thursday the eighteenth.
A windscreen is easily chipped, but can be repaired if it's small.
A woman laughed, and again it was Helene.
A woman with red hair!
A woman, for instance, with red hair.
A word from the lawyer is so powerful.
A word in earnest is as good as a speech.
A work in which copyright has expired is in the public domain
A wretched evening is beginning to close in.
A yard from the reeds just above that stick.
A young and active girl of about her height, and wearing new shoes.
A zimmer-frame can help support elderly people walk.
Abdul is a hard working entrepreneur from a humble background.
Abide with me.
About eight next morning I witnessed the arrival of two constables and a sergeant.
About half-way through, faint signs of life had begun to show.
About him, everywhere, were the evidences of luxury and of age.
About one in the morning the coastguard man arrived.
About six, she estimated.
Abraham is a prophet of the Jewish, Christian and Islamic faiths.
Absolutely as arranged.
Absolutely loved the Morris dancers!
Absolutely noiseless, as usual.
Absolutely not in it at all.
Academic journals are more publicly accessible if they are published open access.
Academic research requires less anecdotal viewpoints and more facts.
Academics wish for their work to be recognized and attributed.
Accept a father's blessing, and with it, this.
Accept my thanks for the compliment you are paying me.
Accept, I beg you, my most distinguished salutations.
Accessibility technology benefits healthy people, where we are temporarily disabled.
According to him, no.
According to the label, Heinz has fifty-seven varieties
According to the nursery rhyme, Thursday's Child has far to go
According to the poet, April is the cruellest month
According to the timetable, the group leaders had programmed a very full day.
Accountability must be baked into the design of automated systems.
Accountancy is the name of the profession for accountants
Across the meadow.
Across the pond.
Actually, I don't enjoy cooking.
Ada has been in such distress, and is so very sorry.
Ada only dropped her head and pressed me closer to her heart.
Ada said it to me, but I had not spoken.
Ada said no, too, and looked uneasy.
Ada sat at the piano; Richard stood beside her, bending down.
Ada, my love, Esther, my dear, you are welcome.
Ada, why should you not speak to us!
Add fairy-princess gag.
Add four grams of butter to the self raising flour.
Add some Cilantro.
Add some coriander.
Addiction to cigarettes can be beaten with help.
Additionally you will need to spend one hour per day revising these topics.
Adele casually suggested the kind of dress which she would prefer.
Adele closed the door again, but she did not bolt it.
Adele drew a breath of relief.
Adele dropped for the moment her tone of raillery.
Adele followed and took her seat opposite the girl.
Adele had done her work well and thoroughly.
Adele had peeped from time to time under the blind.
Adele had removed her hat and was taking off her gloves.
Adele helped Celia to her feet.
Adele kneeled on the floor behind her.
Adele leaned back and drew a breath.
Adele looked at him inquiringly.
Adele looked fiercely up into the girl's face.
Adele looked the girl over and nodded her head with satisfaction.
Adele looked up at Celia, and laughed maliciously.
Adele peered out of the carriage.
Adele quickly set the room in order.
Adele quietly unclasped them and placed them palm to palm.
Adele shook her head and smiled.
Adele stooped and obeyed.
Adele turned to Celia.
Adele was intent upon making her knots secure.
Adele was not content to leave the subject there.
Adele was watching her with a satiric smile.
Adele whispered to her: "Has the girl a lover?"
Adele's voice came to her ears, speaking — and speaking with remorse.
Adieu to disappointment and spleen.
Adolescence is a period teenagers transition into adulthood.
Adrian knows how to drive.
Adriana spoke Portuguese fluently.
Adults often reminisce about their teenage years.
Adversarial machine learning algorithms compete against each other to improve themselves.
Advertise with us!
Aeon's passed, much knowledge was lost.
Aerosol sprays have harmful gases for the atmosphere.
Aerospace engineering enables safer flights for all of us.
Affectation of candour is common enough — one meets with it everywhere.
After a cool April this year, May turned out to be surprisingly warm
After a couple of hours I began to think of food.
After a heavy night, she slept in.
After a history of a declining economy we are seeing growth.
After a lifetime of walking on the land, our final destination is underneath it.
After a long day at work, we need to live a little.
After a long day out, they went home.
After a long time, I looked towards her again.
After a pause, Alice began, ‘Well!’
After a short silence, the lady first spoke.
After a silence he is asked, "In which room?"
After a time the ladder was finished.
After a trial-and-error experimentation, he derived the perfect solution.
After all she speaks!
After all superfluous flesh is gone what is left is stringy and resistant.
After all, it was simply a mistake in judgment.
After all, life is not so easy.
After all, the picture was only a resemblance.
After buying those shoes I ended up with an overdraft
After careful consideration I have decided to give you the managerial role.
After careful deliberation, the office will be moved closer to the University.
After considering, he referred the point to his wife.
After each of these interrogatories, she inclined her head.
After enjoying the movie, he read the book.
After exploring the world I see things differently.
After feeding the pigs, she has to feed the chickens.
After graduating from college, she became a world champion.
After he was ripped off, he demanded a refund.
After her knee operation, she needed physiotherapy
After his retirement, Poirot grew vegetable marrows.
After last night, I thought I could.
After many years of failed promises, investors began to feel disillusionment.
After much hardship, the asylum seekers were granted refugee status.
After pilates, I’m off to get some cake.
After sleep mode, my laptop won't awaken.
After some minutes he makes an attempt to rise.
After that I did not look back; I had no time.
After that I sat down to think.
After that I took a taxi and drove miles away up into North London.
After that for a minute there was utter silence.
After that we can discuss plans and schemes.
After that, Miriam came to see it every day.
After the accident, they took his driving license away.
After the alley, turn right.
After this period every appearance of acquaintance was dropped.
After this, Alice was silent for a minute or two, pondering.
After three years at boarding school I became homesick.
After wakening, he rose early.
After watching the film, he decided to read the book.
After we slept.
After which the six-footer comes into action and is much admired.
After years of being childless, they conceived a baby girl.
Afterwards I found out how it managed it.
Again I had to describe every detail of his appearance.
Again I say there is something here which I do not understand.
Again he had done the big thing.
Again it is conjecture, and I wish to make sure.
Again the disappointment overspread his face.
Again the girls applauded, and Mrs Hall cried.
Again the sleek one spoke in German.
Again there was silence;
Age infantilizes us.
Age or change should never wither it.
Ages have passed since we were in the habit of meeting.
Agile developers have mastered the art of building a minimum viable product.
Agility is an important attribute of cats.
Aging is natural, but how we age depends on how we treat ourselves.
Agitation never accomplished anything.
Ah, I had forgotten, he exclaimed.
Ah, but I'm not going to do it.
Ah, cousin, cousin, it's a weary word this Chancery!
Ah, indeed.
Ah, it is growing dark and darker.
Ah, it was sweet in my ears.
Ah, my God, you are an unhappy idiot!
Ah, the other woman!
Ah, there you have me.
Ah, we were very close together in that moment.
Ah, you shall believe tonight in those wonderful things!
Ah, you've noticed it, have you?
Ahead of them they saw a glimmer of sunshine.
Ahmed was never dishonest.
Ain't it a pity?
Ain't that a funny name?
Air pollution can aggravate conditions like Asthma.
Airing yourself, as I am, before you go to bed?
Alas, cultural differences meant they could not be together.
Alec acknowledges that he is a complete nerd.
Alex spends a lot of time at the British Library, looking through the catalogue.
Algebra is a foundation of Machine Learning.
Algorithm usage in the public sector.
Algorithmic accountability is a topic to be addressed in two thousand and nineteen.
Algorithms feed us news and media it thinks we will read.
Algorithms will allow doctors to focus on caring for their patients.
Ali was wearing a bow tie.
Alice almost stamped with irritation at the slow drawl in which he spoke.
Alice and Bob were most hospitable
Alice could only look puzzled: she was thinking of the pudding.
Alice couldn’t say honestly that he was.
Alice did so.
Alice didn’t want to begin another argument, so she said nothing.
Alice felt dreadfully puzzled.
Alice felt even more indignant at this suggestion.
Alice felt there was no denying that.
Alice flagged the emails she wanted to come back to later
Alice gave a little scream of laughter.
Alice in Wonderland is a well-known book for children by Lewis Carroll
Alice led the way, and the whole party swam to the shore.
Alice looked all round the table, but there was nothing on it but tea.
Alice looked at it with great curiosity.
Alice looked from one to the other in some bewilderment.
Alice ran a little way into the wood, and stopped under a large tree.
Alice ran to the side of the ditch to look for him.
Alice rubbed her eyes, and looked again.
Alice shook her head.
Alice sighed wearily.
Alice thought she saw a way out of the difficulty this time.
Alice took a piece to taste, but it was very dry.
Alice turned round, ready to find fault with anybody.
Alice waited till the eyes appeared, and then nodded.
Alice was glad to see that it revived him a good deal.
Alice was silent.
Alice was sorry for this, as she wanted to hear the news too.
Alice was thoroughly puzzled.
Alice went timidly up to the door, and knocked.
Alice—Alice—I won’t forget it again.
Alkaline batteries are recyclable.
All Celia's heart and youth rose in revolt against her extremity.
All an appearance can know is mirage.
All bets are off folks.
All bright with love of you, my boy.
All connection between us seemed now dissolved.
All done in a couple of minutes.
All expectation from the brother was now absolutely over.
All eyes, however, were staring at him in certitude of expectancy.
All field sports were over.
All good things come to an end.
All he asked of society was to let him live.
All her body shook with her sobbing.
All her movements were spasmodic; she was on the verge of hysteria.
All his children have tumbled up somehow or other.
All his levity had gone in an instant from his manner.
All in due time.
All job applications must be accompanied by a curriculum vitae
All machine learning algorithms should comply with international human rights regulations.
All mathematicians know that Pi is approximately three point one four
All nature, as I have indicated, was smiling.
All of which is very true, my dear, but is no justification.
All of which we wondered about, over and over again.
All operations have been carried on from Montreal and Toronto.
All over the place.
All parents are expected to come to the school sports day
All right, Sir, replied Jock with great regret.
All right, get on with it.
All right, then.
All submitted assignments will be checked for for plagiarism.
All systems are online.
All that long blistering afternoon I lay baking on the rooftop.
All the artist in him rose joyfully to the occasion.
All the best
All the best.
All the children wanted to stroke the silky pink unicorn
All the juniors were summoned.
All the limelight was to be his.
All the middle-aged clerks think their families too large..
All the party looked out across the moor where the white road departed.
All the same I was not comfortable.
All the same, your methods are a bit rough, Jeeves.
All the three of them were shaken.
All the while my restlessness was growing worse.
All the while, the attorney's official cat watches the mouse-hole.
All the world are good and agreeable in your eyes.
All things bright and beautiful.
All things considered, I had better decline answering that question.
All this day Gregson remained in the cabin.
All this talk is making me hungry, shall we go out for lunch?
All this time her eyes never once release him.
All this took place in the hall.
All this was new stuff to me.
All those against, say Nay.
All those in favour, say Aye.
All thought of failure, of exposure, of dismissal had fled from her.
All together now.
All transactions have been accounted for.
All waited intently for her answer.
All was joy and kindness.
All we wish is that the murderers should be discovered.
All you need is confidence in yourself.
All you’ve got to do is to stay here till I come back.
All, as you see, sir, is now well.
All, if I may say so, is forgiven, sir.
Allan Woodcourt lays his hand upon his pulse and on his chest.
Allan is a dear fellow, and in his profession faultless.
Allan is quite sure of it.
Allan looks about for an apothecary's shop.
Allan naturally asks what kind of man he is.
Allan restrains the woman, merely by a quiet gesture, but effectually.
Allow me to catch you round the neck.
Almost as celebrated as myself!
Almost immediately afterwards, however, its manner became markedly feverish.
Already he had begun borrowing from the banks.
Already he had sidled some six feet.
Already you knew of her guilt?
Also a fellow Senator, Chauncey Depew, said.
Also it took a load off my mind.
Also my servants came presently with rifles.
Also my shoulder was in a bad way.
Also the plus fours and the Old Etonian spats.
Also when we met last year, I forgot to return your pen.
Also your uncle.
Also, I want information.
Also, at regular intervals, he would mutter.
Also, churches and preachers I had never known.
Also, she has forbidden them smoking their pipes in the after-room.
Also, she wouldn't walk.
Also, there was awe in their faces.
Although she didn't have much skill, she was determined to learn the violin.
Although she taught English, she had no idea how to spell desiccated.
Although the main road is closed, it will be business as usual.
Although we provide advice on the topic, we have no affiliation with the company.
Altogether I fancy I was rather a success.
Altogether I was no spectacle for God-fearing citizens to see on a highroad.
Always keep household detergents out of children's reach.
Always lay the blame on others!’
Always put your best foot forward.
Always read the abstract of a research paper first.
Always working, Aunt Dahlia, always working.
Alzheimer's Research is a United Kingdom charity.
Alzheimer's is a disease of the elderly.
Alzheimer's is a disease that can be treated if detected early.
Alzheimer’s disease can be treated if detected early.
Alzheimer’s disease is usually experienced by the elderly.
Am I eligible for a buy to let mortgage?
Am I loud enough, or do I need a loudhailer?
Am I really wonderful? asked the Scarecrow.
Am I the only one that finds canned laughter unfunny?
Am I to call in any assistance, or is the trick finished?
Am I to read it now?
Am feeling delicate today.
Am feeling freezing cold and achy.
Amazing Grace.
Ambient sounds make relaxing environments.
Amen to that.
American estrogen is British oestrogen.
Americans say aluminum, Brits aluminium
Americans say gasoline and the British say petrol.
Among civilians I am what they call a ne'er-do-well.
Among my minor afflictions, I may mention a new and mysterious one.
An Angiogram determined the patient needed two stents to be fitted.
An Imam leads a congregation during prayer in a mosque.
An L-G-V is a light goods vehicle.
An abominable restlessness had taken possession of me.
An adult has the freedom to travel around.
An aerofoil provides lift
An alias is useful for maintaining privacy online.
An almost imperceptible nod from Helene, moreover, assured her.
An altruistic act is an act performed for the welfare of others.
An anaconda is the largest type of snake in the world.
An apple a day, keeps the doctor away.
An apple a day, will keep the doctor away.
An articulated lorry is capped at sixty miles-per-hour.
An assembly of people gathered outside to meet the celebrities.
An aubergine is exactly the same thing as an eggplant
An eerie stillness seemed to envelop the room like a linseed poultice.
An electric launch was waiting.
An electrician knows how to solder.
An error has been encountered.
An essential element in criminal culpability is mens rea.
An exclamation at the end of a sentence can express excitement or alarm.
An exo-skeleton enables paralyzed people to regain mobility.
An ice skate blade is sharp.
An idiom describes something figuratively.
An improvement in commerce can help a community flourish.
An inherent trait is that is heavy.
An innocent person has the right to refute.
An intentional blank page is placed between pages.
An interesting article about a dyslexic photographer.
An intermediary will be present to translate the conversation.
An invisible pink unicorn.
An occasion of feasting and festival.
An official statement was released yesterday.
An old bicycle was found in a tool-shed and handed over to me.
An open platform for discussion enables wider perspectives to influence decisions better.
An ounce of protection is worth a pound of cure.
An uncomfortable sort of age.
An unidentified error was encountered.
An untreated condition could become chronic.
An unusual sensation on the opposite side of my stomach.
Analysts are seeing fragmentation in the market.
Ancient civilisations could be very sophisticated
And Adele ran from the room.
And Angela was there?
And Celia, lifting her head, said in a whisper: "Water!"
And Hanaud laughed outright, and in a moment Celia smiled herself.
And Harry jammed down the lever.
And Harry must listen to it.
And Helene answered him again enigmatically.
And Helene replied: "That one."
And Helene, even at that moment, laughed quietly.
And I added of my plenty about the same amount.
And I am very well indeed, and very happy.
And I continued to do so.
And I did not wish to quarrel with her.
And I do not wonder.
And I do so wish it was true!
And I don't blame you.
And I emitted a hard laugh — one of the sneering kind.
And I found it an interesting question.
And I have a liking for rust and must and cobwebs.
And I have her right hand.
And I have so many old parchments and papers in my stock.
And I haven’t sent the two messengers, either.
And I hope you've got plenty of chain out, Captain Young.
And I know brickmakers go about working at piecework in different places.
And I left before the finish.
And I made him my curtsy and left him.
And I meant it to sting.
And I must admit I rather agreed with her.
And I never saw him!
And I ran out into the garden, very unhappy.
And I said again, "I can't help it, Charley."
And I saw that he was very sorry for me.
And I saw them end.
And I should get cold feet if I tried again.
And I too, a little while ago.
And I understand she leads him a terrible life.
And I waited seven more days, and he never said a word.
And I was very lonely — my life had been so different.
And I will tell you more.
And I wish I'd never met one.
And I'll tell you why that will be the best plan.
And I’ll tell you a secret—I can read words of one letter!
And Jo stands shivering and looking at the breakfast wonderingly.
And MacDougall was beyond the trail, with three weeks to spare.
And Mr. Ricardo ticked off his third point.
And Paul admired and loved and despised him slightly.
And Raoul listened again to the tale of the house.
And Tom King patiently endured.
And a long time afterwards she brought her another supply.
And a nice brother he is — half-brother I mean to say.
And a second afterwards, a tiny bright light shone.
And actually here’s a little brook!
And after the bath a shave would not be bad.
And again I was troubled — greatly troubled.
And again her strange smile illuminated her face.
And again the appeal sounded rather piteously.
And all that stuff about having no soul.
And all the time her strange uneasiness grew.
And all through a foolish misunderstanding about a shark.
And all's fish that comes to my net.
And are you proposing to continue your stroll?
And as in denial of guilt, the one-legged boy replied.
And as never before, he was ready to obey.
And as the reflection darted across my mind I saw a slender chance.
And as we hurried up town, Joe Goose explained.
And at dinner you will push, as arranged?
And at once Celia became uneasy.
And at the same time I could save her from being plundered.
And at this moment a ringing "Hoy!"
And at this moment in she came.
And back to Kansas? she asked, eagerly.
And can all the flowers talk?
And closing his eyes, he began trying to cross his legs again.
And couldn't the sergeant see that my door was locked?
And curtsey while you’re thinking what to—what to purr.
And do you always lock the babies up when you go out?
And do you know why he tried to dissuade me?
And do you live alone here with these babies, Charley?
And do you often go out?
And do you think Mr. Woodcourt will make another voyage?
And don't you occupy yourself at all?
And don’t keep your mouth so wide open!
And don’t remind me of your existence again.
And each year something happened, and I did not go.
And enough to make it.
And even as she spoke her voice rang shrill and irritable up the stairs.
And even if they don't — Bertie, shall I tell you something?
And even now, with this case, I hesitate.
And even then she was dazed.
And every one will think that Celia helped to murder and rob her benefactress.
And give her the works.
And hast thou slain the Jabberwock?
And have the children looked after themselves at all, sir?
And he did hurt my arm.
And he flung up his hands.
And he had not come disguised.
And he had shown himself a fool.
And he has done nothing to embarrass us.
And he is very great this day.
And he moved towards the staircase.
And he opened his hand.
And he opened the door.
And he passed on without another question or remark.
And he raised no hand to set her free.
And he replaced the glass in his pocket.
And he spread out his hands with an impulsive gesture of despair.
And he thought of Oona, and of her words.
And he touched the tins.
And he turned and walked by Helene's side.
And he walked away.
And he was at pains to write it out.
And he was filled with a strange and foreboding fear.
And he was too far gone to be helped out of that.
And he will come back enlightened.
And he'll be in the same scrape again next week!
And he's just the same today.
And her voice sank into a solemn whisper, pathetically ludicrous.
And her voice was feverish.
And here's another idea.
And here, she is seized with an inspiration.
And his answering immediately to the last question.
And his behaviour, so strikingly altered — what could it mean?
And his eyes had been horribly intelligent.
And his father is dependent on him in the Vale of Taunton.
And his sisters are charming women.
And how about this pessimism we hear of?
And how can I pay?
And how did he react to that?
And how did you like Mrs. Jellyby, my dear?
And how did you like the ride?
And how did you reassure him?
And how do you come to be the messenger?
And how do you find yourself, my poor lad?
And how do you get on, Richard?
And how do you live, Charley?
And how fast it comes!
And how have I destroyed it?
And how is your mama?
And how long did this nuisance continue?
And how odd the directions will look!
And how quiet the horses are!
And how would we ever find ourselves.
And if anything happens while we dine?
And if that were true — why, there were my sofa cushions partly explained.
And if they are, it's worth nothing to me.
And in a second he was back at the window.
And in his mind he added: "God forgive me for the lie."
And in the darkness his voice came querulously between long breaths.
And in the fullness of that knowledge a great fear assailed her.
And indeed he has no such wish at present.
And it had taken so long — so terribly long!
And it is a good likeness?
And it might lead to mistaken notions, you see.
And it really was a kitten, after all.
And it was as I had suspected.
And it's no good looking like that.
And it's still at it.
And mind you tell us the truth here, whatever you do, Jo.
And my mind requires to be so very clear, you know!
And no doubt he will.
And no wonder in this evil place.
And not upon my words.
And not you, I swear!
And nothing was wrung from her.
And now I don't so much care how it ends.
And now I will ask you a question in return.
And now behold the perversity of things.
And now he too could look in.
And now help me on.
And now here is a minor point.
And now it's nearly dinner-time, you say?
And now put yourself in my place for a moment.
And now she lies in her room murdered!
And now she lies murdered for a reward!
And now she was sure that Adele was the name used.
And now you stammer out those halting words.
And now you’d better go!
And now, Bertie, like a good chap, shove off.
And now, down there, Eileen was waiting for him.
And now, who am I?
And oh, I wish you could see her after the birds!
And one, I tell you, is coming now.
And only one for birthday presents, you know.
And poor Mr. Darcy!
And pray has he done so?
And pray what sort of guardians do you make?
And really, for so smart a young lady, you look too ridiculous.
And right there I saw and knew it all.
And said he played the fife.
And she caught her breath and whimpered.
And she could not.
And she had not told Harry!
And she handed the paper back.
And she has been very kind to me.
And she hung it on a nail in the kitchen.
And she kept her word?
And she laid the keys upon the dressing-table or the mantel-shelf.
And she moved towards the stairs.
And she named a small cafe in a back street.
And she passed on, leaving Harry rooted to the ground.
And she really never heard of the cause!
And she tied the girl's thumbs and little fingers.
And she was getting medicine for him?
And she was never caught out!
And she’s such a capital one for catching mice you can’t think!
And so Esther, my dear, you are happy for life.
And so did Mrs. Forster.
And so early in the voyage, too.
And so extremely accomplished for her age!
And so for a while we spoke of neutral topics.
And so it was arranged.
And so the seances went on.
And so the state of the car is explained.
And so we all moved to the village.
And so we danced an hour by the clock.
And so would Anne, if her health had allowed her to apply.
And so you like this man's sisters, too, do you?
And so young a girl to be involved in it!
And still Celia slept.
And still there was the same shade between me and my darling.
And suddenly his face grew very stern.
And suddenly she smiled.
And suddenly, Mr. Ricardo began to reflect.
And thank you very much for asking,’ said Tweedledum.
And that afternoon he had to take them.
And that is not all.
And that was like me!
And that was the last of Francois and Perrault.
And that's how I know how.
And the Edinburgh Evening News says, with editorial gloom.
And the Eurasian Chinese-Englishman bowed himself away.
And the Queen seemed to guess her thoughts, for she cried, ‘Faster!’
And the agitated voice and words remained fixed in his memory.
And the air was growing chilly.
And the best of it was that they did not even know my name.
And the big Persian knew of his existence before he did of hers.
And the chef is staying on.
And the detective resumed at once his brisk voice and alert manner.
And the foundation stone of service, in his case, was obedience.
And the frock in which she went away was of green chiffon over satin.
And the letters are destroyed with the person?
And the night had fallen.
And the other thing is a mouse-trap.
And the question was her answer.
And the tears swam in her eyes.
And their chief virtue lies in that they will never wear out.
And then I found myself looking down the skylight.
And then I said my prayers and thought a little more.
And then I suddenly got it.
And then I think I became unconscious.
And then a thing incomprehensible to her happened.
And then he discussed his sweetheart endlessly with his mother.
And then he spoke again in French to Helene.
And then one was at school with the man.
And then she answered you, 'No, we have other plans.'
And then suddenly a sort of glow came into his face.
And then the real truth flashed in upon her blindingly.
And then there came a strange and human turn to the affair.
And then we were so merry all the way home!
And then when we came away it was such fun!
And then you go on about how twilight always makes you sad.
And then, steadily, he began to chew.
And there I see him waiting to be summoned.
And there is my slit in the sofa cushions.
And there is no way round.
And there was Ethel Baird, whom also you must remember.
And there was a dog that barked.
And there was science to an unlimited extent.
And there you are, my partner, eh?
And there you sit, I suppose, all the day long, eh?
And there's no chivalry, no quarter shown in this fight.
And there's not such another.
And they are very angry?
And they have shot him.
And they passed on.
And they used to dance like elves of delight.
And this belief grew and haunted him.
And this extraordinary man took up his pen again.
And this is brother, is it, my dears?
And this is not a conspiracy, perhaps?
And this is your establishment?
And this was their sole conversation throughout the meal.
And through and through the vorpal blade went snicker-snack!
And through the chinks in the curtain the bright light shone.
And to attend the court no more?
And to be kept back on such a motive!
And to drink? Name the poison.
And to give no sign!
And to me that would mean so much.
And toddle off quite happily to find another.
And tomorrow night, they will come into my possession.
And twenty men could hold it with spears and arrows.
And upon that a worse thing befell her.
And upon that the voice ceased.
And very much indebted to you.
And very well indeed you are looking.
And watch out for wet feet, was his parting advice.
And we have hardly a five-franc piece in the house.
And we know that she was back at the villa soon after nine.
And we like 'em all the better for it, don't we?
And we shall find out where the rest is hid — from her.
And well you may.
And what I say unto you, I say unto all, Watch!
And what about my side of the thing?
And what are you crying for?
And what did she do with the keys?
And what do you call these, my darling?
And what do you intend to make of him, ma'am?
And what do you know?
And what do you suppose it's made of?
And what do you think about father?
And what else do we know?
And what is he to do then?
And what may be the ages of these two, ma'am?
And what of his daughters?
And what sort of table do they keep?
And what sort of young lady is she?
And what two reasons, Mr. George?
And what type of people come to practise at your gallery?
And what's wrong with the colour of my hair?
And whatever your labors and aspirations, in the noisy confusion of life
And when Emma's tired, he puts her to bed.
And when I got downstairs, oh, how I cried!
And when he's tired he goes to bed himself.
And when she smiled he explained.
And when the smell of hay was in the air!
And when you come back in a few days, bring Eileen.
And when — when did you first begin to suspect Harry?
And where are you going?
And where do we go next?
And where have my shoulders got to?
And where is my excellent friend?
And where's the tinker?
And wherever I ranged, the way lay along alcohol-drenched roads.
And whether or not it is clear to you
And who are you calling Richard Hannay?
And who have we got here tonight?
And why do I despise him?
And why not, boys and ladies and gentlemen?
And why should you take trouble?
And yesterday things went on just as usual.
And yet I thought so at the time!
And yet if she came he had no words to say.
And yet it is quite simple.
And yet not quite, as you shall hear.
And you always want to see it in the superlative degree.
And you are to go down at twelve?
And you are?
And you came away feeling that he needed a bracer?
And you can refuse, you mean, eh?
And you do so much, so unpretendingly!
And you don't think it's an answer, eh?
And you don't think the patient would object to him?
And you dynamited his hermitage, after he had saved you from the police.
And you had better have a couple of quick ones first.
And you have been very kind to me, Jeeves.
And you knew her young companion?
And you only the second.
And you preferred a cannibal isle and a cartridge belt.
And you remember what an enormous dinner he had.
And you talk about boils!
And you, my friend, I should counsel you to get some sleep.
And your aunt.
And your papa; what did he say?
And you’d have deserved it, you little mischievous darling!
And you’ve been along with me, Kitty—all through the Looking-Glass world.
And — he must have the money.
And “twenty-one” where the cliffs grew lower.
And, as I spoke, Gussie came sidling out from behind a tree.
And, as he gazed, he closed his eyes and shivered.
And, as he got out unnoticed, so he could return.
And, as he stooped, his trousers split up the back.
And, by Jove, he was absolutely right.
And, how did they know the exact type of laptop that you want?
And, in truth, she was not afraid of them.
And, mind this, one of the two women is guilty.
And, so far as they knew, they were quite right.
And, springing up, he arranged a chair for her.
And, what's more, you know it.
And, with a friendly nod, he left the room.
Andrew curled up in the box.
Andrew has not been frank about this.
Andrew resented the implication deeply.
Andrew told me that he disliked Marmite.
Android is the most used mobile operating system.
Angela and I made it up hours ago.
Angela might have been hewn from the living rock.
Angels from the realms of glory.
Anger, and fear, and shame.
Animals are losing their natural habitat due to deforestation.
Animation keeps children entertained for hours.
Anime is just as popular in the west, not only in Japan.
Aniseed balls are one of my favourite sweets
Another disappointment awaited him
Another man and two women come behind.
Another time, I'll tell you their names.
Another word for for hawthorn is may.
Another word for zucchini is courgette
Answerphone is a common British term for a telephone answering machine
Antarctica is cold at this time of year.
Anthony was in class seven Y.
Anti-biotics have saved countless lives since inception, resistance must be avoided.
Antibiotics help fight bacteria.
Anxious for her four thousand francs, she answers 'Yes.'
Any average young fellow can teach himself in a week.
Any particular reason, or just a whim?
Any relation of old Tommy of the Sixtieth?
Any sort, so long as it's strong.
Any tutting that's required, I'll attend to myself.
Any way out of that yard, now?
Anybody can see that he's absolutely impossible.
Anyhow there were trees there, and that meant cover.
Anyone for fruity chicken curry?
Anyone know Marjorie?
Anyone know how to make onion gravy?
Anyone who has just had a perm shouldn't get their hair wet.
Anything I can help you with?
Anything to vary this detestable monotony.
Anything unusual or abnormal was sufficient to send a fellow to Molokai.
Anyway, no one saw her like that.
Anyway, you stick to it that you were in love with her?
Apparently, he was an Indian freedom fighter.
Apparently, she finds ironing very relaxing.
Apple is an American company.
Apple, Google, Amazon and Facebook are often described as tech giants.
Apply for the new position that's opened up.
Apricot is healthy.
April is tax season in the United States.
Archivists have been arguing for copyright reform for years.
Are division and animosity your natural terms, Richard?
Are kids these days really awkward or is that just made up?
Are or are not our interests conflicting?
Are the main galleries any good?
Are the pictures all as they used to be?
Are the tyres inflated?
Are there any dedicated cycle tracks in your community?
Are there any externalities of building a house extension?
Are there any other lions in this forest?
Are there any shoes in the house which fit those marks?
Are these suggestions acceptable?
Are they selling faggots as well as sausages?
Are they to be shirt-makers, or governesses?
Are we all ready?
Are we building a generation of web addicts?
Are we collecting comprehensive user feedback?
Are we doing enough for sex workers?
Are we going to meet up at the weekend?
Are we going to tomorrow's recital at the town hall?
Are we heading to a future where a worker is merely a statistic?
Are you a beast of the field?
Are you a married man, sir?
Are you a pessimist, Bertie?
Are you able to accept Paypal?
Are you acquainted with my friends?
Are you an adult?
Are you arrested for much, sir?
Are you certain that circle is centered?
Are you coming or not?
Are you concerned about your health?
Are you cooking?
Are you employed?
Are you expecting to come in?
Are you going back to our young friend?
Are you going for a stroll?
Are you going to return there?
Are you going to that conference about Deep Learning?
Are you going? they asked, in surprise.
Are you gonna join us in the campus?
Are you having a laugh?
Are you hibernating?
Are you ignoring me?
Are you in debt again?
Are you interested in low-cost shares?
Are you into graphs?
Are you looking for employment?
Are you on the mailing list?
Are you ready to go, dear?
Are you registered to vote?
Are you selling those paintings?
Are you starting or stopping?
Are you sure he has the required expertise to run this project?
Are you sure of that? How can you be?
Are you sure you're not overspending?
Are you sure you're quite so much as six foot three?
Are you the boy I've read of in the papers?
Are you there?
Are you using a hair straightener?
Are you waiting to see Sir Leicester?
Argentina once dominated in football.
Arguments are too much like disputes.
Arrogance does not make a respectable man.
Arthur is the employee of the month.
Artificial Intelligence can be designed to be beneficial for humanity.
Artificial Intelligence can be used for social good.
Artificial Intelligence can empower human workers.
Artificial Intelligence models will need to be explainable.
Artificially Intelligent Systems are already in use today.
As I foresaw from the start, I can fix everything.
As I had anticipated, sir.
As I say, he had tapped the message very rapidly.
As I told you, he left his glove behind.
As I went I breakfasted on the dusty remnants of the ginger biscuits.
As a collaborative effort.
As a matter of fact, I'm particularly spiritual.
As a prize for coming last, he was awarded the wooden spoon.
As a young child she was able to sing even before she could speak
As an individual.
As far as possible, without surrender, be on good terms with all persons.
As far out to sea as you can.
As for Harry, he made no reply.
As for himself, weren't the street railway earnings increasing steadily.
As for pulling me out of the window, I only wish they could!
As he came out he looked at his watch.
As he recognized Bertram, however, coldness melted, to be replaced by astonishment.
As he stepped silently past it, he looked in.
As her successor in that house, she regarded her with jealous abhorrence.
As if I would talk on such a subject!
As if there were any other in his life!
As if you ever saw anybody!
As it drove up, we saw that there were two people inside.
As it turns out, the wedding is not today.
As it was I could not resist.
As it was, I took the path that led close by it.
As it was, they looked incuriously on.
As long as she stays there, it is all very well.
As regards these two, everything was beyond a question absolutely in order.
As she turned I saw her face under the big green hat.
As soon as it was on the road it stopped.
As soon as they looked over the wall.
As the door opened I could hear the sound of low voices.
As the handcuffs clinked on his wrists I said my last word to him.
As the loafer passed he looked up, and I fancied a signal was exchanged.
As the morning drew on, however, his professional quietude deserted him.
As the motorcar rolled away, courage returned for a moment to Celia.
As the story goes, she went out to rescue them.
As to a rolling stone, why, what you say is true.
As to how she dressed, he had no ideas at all.
As to me, what had I to forgive?
As to sparing the girl, of what importance or value is she?
As we moved away from that station my companion woke up.
As we've missed the deadline, I think we should postpone the meeting.
As yet, you are nothing more.
As you advised.
As you have done so many years.
As you say, it's not a pleasant subject.
As you were!
As you wish.
Asia is pioneering online action to offline services.
Asia is the largest continent on our planet earth.
Aside from the fact, the tenant refused to pay.
Ask anyone at the Drones about this.
Ask him, I laughed, then turned to Pasquini.
Ask if she needs a sticking plaster for that graze.
Ask me no more, child!
Ask them.
Ask yourself these questions, my dainty little friend!
Asprin used to be a popular painkiller
Assembly line workers assemble products moving on a conveyor belt.
Assume that the company is assembled for our seance.
Assuredly I would have refused.
Astonishment, apprehension, and even horror, oppressed her.
Astronomers have analyzed this region.
Astroturf is used as outdoor flooring in play grounds.
At Cannes she was with us all the time.
At Geneva they get out.
At Lake Linderman I had one canoe, very good Peterborough canoe.
At a kid's school before I went there.
At a moment like that?
At a quarter-past seven came a low knock, and Miriam entered.
At all costs she must be prevented from giving that information.
At any minute.
At dusk he went into his chamber.
At eleven o'clock his valet brought a telegram into the room.
At first I thought there was nobody in the street.
At first he did not recognise me.
At first he puzzled over something untoward he was sure had happened.
At first his progress was slow and erratic.
At first we were apprehensive, but later we opened up.
At five o'clock, Celia prepared to leave the house on foot.
At it again, in a new direction!
At last Jip let out a great bark and sat down.
At last it said to the Mock Turtle, ‘Drive on, old fellow!’
At last the Red Queen began.
At least I don't think I know why.
At least ninety percent of the students disagreed with the professor’s outrageous statement
At least, I mean, I shall now leave you.
At least, I only knew her as such.
At least, he has said nothing.
At least, perhaps I do, but I don't think it matters.
At length she spoke again.
At length the Parsonage was discernible.
At length the breakfast is ready.
At length, by slow degrees, they became indistinct and mingled.
At length, however, she sat up and looked about her.
At no time did I dare to utter her name.
At once he leaned back in his chair.
At once would be instituted a dozen cooperative commonwealth states.
At one while my journey looked hopeful, and at another hopeless.
At present I have not room to do them justice.
At present I will say nothing about it.
At risk of sounding ignorant, may I ask why?
At such an assembly as this it would be insupportable.
At that he laughed uproariously.
At that moment I got the impression that she was willowy.
At the Custom House they would know something.
At the best, they were necessary accessories.
At the bridge there is a Custom House.
At the end he nodded his head in approval.
At the end of four, I shall say good-bye.
At the entrance from the corridor a porter barred the way.
At the far end of it, the car stopped.
At the moment the clock of a neighbouring church struck the hour of seven.
At the same time spears and arrows began to fall among the invaders.
At the top of the chimney stack, you can see the chimney pot
At this martial arts dojo we teach discipline and humility.
At this moment I felt a stir at my shoulder.
At this rate they'll be at it these seven years.
At this rate you won't last my time.
At this time Paul became an important factor in Jordan’s warehouse.
At times I wondered where Sir Archibald got his style.
At times of austerity, it's necessary to tighten our belts.
At times of austerity, municipalities often make cutbacks.
At times of job scarcity, it's a good time to become an entrepreneur.
At times of job scarcity, it's a good time to become an entrepreneur..
At times she came near to an extreme irritation with Helene.
At twenty she was full-breasted and luxuriously formed.
At what hour would you suggest bonging the bell?
At work so late, my dear?
At your leisure.
Atrophy can set in quickly.
Attendance, forbearance, patience with Darcy, was injury to Wickham.
Augmenting technology like assistive mixed reality glasses can prompt wearers what to do.
Aunt Dahlia isn't his aunt.
Aunt Dahlia must knock off dinner to soften Uncle Tom.
Aunt Dahlia sighed a bit.
Aunt Dahlia turned and spoke in a quiet, authoritative manner.
Aunt Dahlia uttered a startled hunting cry.
Aunt Dahlia's eyes met mine.
Aunt Dahlia's face grew darker.
Aunt Dahlia, with a deathbed groan, said it didn't matter.
Aunt Em dropped her work and came to the door.
Aunt Em was washing the dishes.
Aunt looked at butler.
Australia has a diverse range of animals.
Author of the danger trail, Philip Steels, etc.
Automation will disrupt the way we work as we know it today.
Automation will disrupt the work as we know it.
Autonomous systems must abide by international human rights rules.
Autonomous systems should not facilitate crimes.
Autumn equinox tends to fall around the twenty-second of September.
Avicenna was a famous physician who wrote the Book of Healing.
Avoid loud and aggressive persons; they are vexatious to the spirit.
Avoid the ham.
Away in a Manger.
Ay, there was a man in a motor-car.
Aye, but they might teach me wrong!
Aye, in good time.
Aye, that's the question!
Baby Hannah made a mess of her bib.
Back-propagation is a machine learning technique.
Bacteria can be seen using a microscope.
Bad data can cause inaccuracies in machine learning algorithms.
Bad news will be a little the better.
Bad plans are prone to failure.
Baidu is like the Google of China.
Baked chicken nuggets, with ice cream.
Baking soda is good at absorbing bad smells in the fridge.
Banana and raisin loaf.
Banana is full of potassium.
Barristers and solicitors are types of lawyer
Bassett was a fastidious man.
Bassett was a silent bread crumbler.
Battle Royale is a popular gamemode among preteens.
Bayesian statistics will help you if you do any kind of data analytics.
Bayesian theorem is worth learning if you're studying algorithms.
Be assured that he does not!
Be careful of bitcoin Ponzi schemes.
Be careful of black ice!
Be careful to avoid all the pitfalls.
Be cheerful. Strive to be happy.
Be cross to me if I deserve it.
Be dutiful and affectionate towards me, and I ask no other return.
Be optimists, boys.
Be quiet, sir!
Be skeptical of websites, check that the link matches the official website.
Be so kind as to apologise for us to Miss Darcy.
Be specific when talking to a voice assistant.
Be wary of the man that knows little, and doesn't know it.
Be yourself. Especially do not feign affection.
Bea was dismayed by her dad’s decision.
Bear with me for a moment.
Bear with me; I'll work it out in a moment.
Bear with me; it will all become clear.
Because he said my trousers would split up the back.
Because he was told not to come.
Because she was not alone.
Because we are real friends.
Because, I mean to say, there was no possibility of error.
Because, boys and ladies and gentlemen, he is a pessimist.
Been along with your friend again, Bart?
Been cleaned down with soft soap and soda.
Been here long?
Beethoven was a legendary composer.
Beetroot is one of my favourite vegetables
Before I came away.
Before Philip could recover himself Jeanne's startled guards were upon him.
Before the astonished eyes of his companions he opened them.
Before the last clock begins to strike ten, there is a lull.
Before you go, there is a question I wish to ask you.
Before you leave the page, make sure you click the save button
Behave yourself!
Behead that Dormouse!
Behind each one he seemed to feel an enemy.
Behind him lay the thousand-years-long road across all Siberia and Russia.
Behind the hotel his car was waiting.
Behind the room a door led into a little white-tiled bathroom.
Behind us is the supporting wall of the hotel garden.
Being what it is, she neither knows nor cares.
Believe her to be deceived, by all means.
Below him the shadow was broken into a pool of rippling starlight.
Belshazzar's feast.
Ben shook with fear when he spied the leopard.
Benjamin Britten's most famous opera was The Turn of the Screw.
Benjamin is a Jew.
Bennet, how can you abuse your own children in such a way?
Benny is enrolled in kindergarten.
Bertie has always been a great cyclist.
Bertie, will you be chivalrous now?
Beside her is a canvas bag, or bundle, she has carried.
Beside the card Celia's letter was laid.
Besides that, she was kind-hearted and most impressionable.
Besides, Dorothy will need someone to protect her.
Besides, I couldn't be peeved at anything tonight.
Besides, I never disparage, sir.
Besides, I wasn't proud of him.
Besides, I wish to send a message over the telephone.
Besides, everybody stares so, seeing perfectly well that it is false.
Besides, had he not whipped the big owl in the forest.
Besides, he was paid one case of tobacco per head.
Besides, it is a violation of our agreement.
Besides, it was not a long-considered step.
Besides, on one or two points change is simply impossible.
Besides, that noise makes me deaf.
Besides, what else should I do?
Besides, you know you're potty about Tuppy.
Besides, you’d never convince him.
Bespoke items usually cost more but do exactly what you need them to.
Best ever chocolate crepe recipe.
Best regards, Michael
Best regards.
Better for common sense, better for him, better for me.
Better luck next time!.
Better men than I have split their trousers.
Better to borrow, better to beg, better to die!
Between eleven and twelve?
Between him and all domestic animals there must be no hostilities.
Between him and the beach was the cane-grass fence of the compound.
Between nine and half-past nine.
Between the rush of the cascades, streaks of rust showed everywhere.
Between the two eldest and herself especially, there subsisted a particular regard.
Beware of unchained dogs in public.
Beware the Jabberwock, my son!
Beyond Annecy, they came to the bridge over the ravine.
Beyond Earth, the planets are Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune.
Beyond a wholesome discipline, be gentle with yourself.
Beyond dispute, Corry Hutchinson had married Mabel Holmes.
Beyond refusing to sell us food, they left us to ourselves.
Beyond the foliage.
Bias can impede fair judgment.
Bicarbonate soda is also known as baking soda, an ingredient of cake.
Big tech companies are a custodian of our data.
Big tech companies are the data barons of the twenty first century.
Big tech companies are voracious data gatherers.
Bill and I are going to the Caribbean.
Bill lingered, contemplating his work with artistic appreciation.
Bill looked back to see Kate forming a T-shape with her hands.
Bill thought she was a little xenophobic.
Billinger may arrive in time.
Bill’s to go down—Here, Bill!
Bin garbage, don't flush it down a toilet.
Binary code is simply zero's and ones.
Bingley was by no means deficient, but Darcy was clever.
Bingley was quite uncomfortable; his sisters declared that they were miserable.
Bingley was the principal spokesman, and Miss Bennet the principal object.
Bio-mechanical engineering skills can be used to design prosthetics for amputees.
Biotechnology is progressively advancing.
Biotechnology, or Biotech, is a very popular degree choice
Black suspicion hides in that peaceful region.
Bleak House has an exposed sound.
Bless you!.
Blind people can be aware of real world objects using technology.
Blind with rage, he darted in.
Blood vessels can atrophy in elderly patients.
Blood was oozing slowly from the wounded man's right breast.
Blue collar workers have contributed a lot to the economy through sheer hard work.
Boat small—trawler, yacht, or launch.
Bob allegedly drove without any car insurance.
Bob was practising his song, very badly.
Bob, growing disgusted, turned back suddenly and attempted to pass Mab.
Body language is a behavioral language that can be visually understood.
Bong goes the bell.
Both Johnny and his mother shuffled their feet as they walked.
Both changed colour, one looked white, the other red.
Both girls were kind.
Both men evidently thought the point of great importance.
Both might be as pale, both as intent.
Both parties agree on the compromise.
Bowls is a popular sport for retired people
Boxing Day is not widely celebrated in the United States.
Boxing Day is the day after Christmas Day.
Brains and audacity — yes, these two qualities he had stipulated in the criminal.
Brake fluid regularly needs to be monitored.
Bravery happens when you are scared, but you still decide to act.
Brazilian footballers have the best flair.
Bread and dripping.
Bread can go moldy when it becomes out of date.
Bread-and-butter, of course.
Break down a big job into small tasks to complete it fast.
Brembo makes parts for cars, notably braking systems.
Brexiteers are a nickname given to people who support the Brexit referendum.
Brian hung on tightly as the car performed a U-turn at high speed.
Brian liked to recall the good old days.
Brick and mortar companies struggle to compete with online only companies.
Brick and mortar shops have been slow to adopt digital transformation.
Brightest and best.
Bring it here! Let me sup!
Bring the torch over here; we need more light
Bring them forward, lieutenant.
Brinkley Court had given of its best.
British full stop is American period.
British leukaemia is American leukemia.
British paediatric is American pediatric.
British people sometimes use the word whilst, though it can seem old fashioned
Broadband is significantly faster than dial-up internet.
Broken-Tooth yelled with fright and pain.
Brother-in-law of Wickham!
Brownies are quick and easy to make.
Building your house on sand is not recommended.
Burke himself had criticized it because of the smile.
Burns your throat, too, and makes one as thirsty as the dickens.
Burnt out like the crater of a volcano.
Bus services in rural areas tend not to be very regular.
Business competition drives innovation and economic growth.
Business proposals are being considered.
Business was not resulting.
Businesses can avoid churn by looking after staff and cultivating talents.
Businesses must have a responsible technology strategy.
But Angela handed you your hat before Gussie ever got here.
But Celia Harland is not one of them.
But Celia Harland is not one of those women.
But Georgiana would not join her.
But Gussie isn't a parrot.
But Harry already held the written sheet in his hand.
But Harry was out of breath and shaking with agitation.
But Hatta only munched away, and drank some more tea.
But Helene kept her mouth sealed.
But Helene's wish prevailed.
But I always say that and have never doubted it.
But I am afraid it is impossible.
But I am at his disposal.
But I am at the end of my resources.
But I am ready to take my oath that it is ordinary spy work.
But I am worn out.
But I can carry my years.
But I cannot believe it myself.
But I cannot believe! I cannot help it!
But I can’t stay there long.
But I confide in you.
But I could have made the money without this anonymous information.
But I did not enjoy it long.
But I didn't.
But I didn’t, and, in a flash, the air seemed to clear.
But I do not believe that they are going to be married.
But I don't drink.
But I don't think it was any greater than my surprise.
But I don’t mind admitting that I’m horribly nervous.
But I expect a judgment.
But I had done my best service, I think, before I put on khaki.
But I had the sense to see my danger.
But I have a constitutional objection to this sort of thing.
But I have a feeling that it will slip up somewhere.
But I have no doubt he'll do it.
But I have other provocations.
But I knew I should persuade you at last.
But I knew it, I knew it well now.
But I knew not — I was afraid of doing too much.
But I know the foundation is unjust.
But I lay down, self-deceived, in that belief..
But I longed so much to see you, my dear Mr. George.
But I managed it somehow.
But I managed to stick it out and even to grin.
But I may come a fearful stinker without a lamp.
But I must tell you that we have another.
But I need not labour the point.
But I never own to it before her.
But I prepare you.
But I saw no hope in any face, and I felt none.
But I saw something else more interesting.
But I shall be able to give myself fair-play by-and-by.
But I shall not need a nurse.
But I should like to start as soon as possible.
But I should not have guessed it at the time.
But I soon became used to it.
But I suppose you drew blank?
But I suppose you had no opportunity.
But I talked with one of them.
But I tell you — this is human.
But I think Richard is right.
But I trusted to things coming round.
But I want, in the young lady's name, to know.
But I was out of the game now.
But I was puzzled.
But I was still feeling nervous.
But I was too late.
But I will not repine.
But I would not let him that night.
But Johannes could, and did.
But Ma, I was not going to contradict.
But Martin smiled a superior smile.
But Paul had to clean them for her.
But Paul hunted far and wide.
But Sir Walter knows, and I’m working for him.
But a clever one.
But a strange thing happened.
But about three o’clock I had a sudden inspiration.
But again there was no expression of surprise, consternation, or delight.
But all at once Wethermill's luck deserted him.
But all my dreams violated this law.
But all the other doors are shut.
But already he had composed himself.
But are you sure of your facts? How do you know?
But as for the earrings — I will tell you.
But as he passed he had aught a sentence spoken by Harry.
But as it happened it was the right one.
But as it was she was helpless.
But as they walked she became alarmed.
But at all events, Ada —  I may call you Ada?
But at any rate I was more or less clad.
But at times perhaps she won at the casino?
But before Alice could answer him, the drums began.
But before he had decided a knock came upon the door.
But by acting promptly we should avoid such a contingency.
But certain recollections plagued her soul.
But couldn't you be mended? asked the girl.
But discretion kept him silent.
But disguise of every sort is my abhorrence.
But do not be cast down.
But do not distress yourself with dark imaginings.
But do not imagine that he is always here so often.
But does not Jane correspond with his sister?
But don't you know that people die there?
But don't you understand?
But enough of this.
But even that may be my vanity.
But even while he spoke he soon caught sight of her.
But ever his gaze returned to that Crouched Venus on the piano.
But every man's not obliged to be solvent?
But everything’s curious today.
But from the first I was disappointed with it.
But get out I must.
But get up, get up!
But he came at once straight towards her.
But he could see nothing unusual.
But he cuts no ice.
But he did not broach it, preferring to mature it carefully.
But he did not dismiss the point so lightly.
But he did not yet go home to Puddleby.
But he evidently thought she was.
But he had noticed nothing strange; so it could not be.
But he happens not to be in a business mind.
But he has his revenge.
But he has never looked after them.
But he held her face firmly and finished his work.
But he is an ugly fellow!
But he knew the world.
But he knows well enough at a glance.
But he no longer cared quite so much for that form of diversion.
But he reconciled himself to it by an act of faith.
But he turned and saw that Harry was talking volubly.
But he uttered no cry; he made no movement of surprise.
But he was aroused to anger against the man.
But he was still unaware how Hanaud had worked out the solution.
But he was too excited to dwell long upon them.
But he's betrothed.
But he's gone to the dance.
But her heart is aching.
But her heart sank within her.
But here amongst ourselves let us speak out.
But here is news for us.
But his name is Bucket.
But his spirits rose again at once.
But his thoughts were not concerned with it.
But how about my courage? asked the Lion, anxiously.
But how are you going to do it.
But how curiously it twists!
But how did that start the trouble?
But how do you make it out
But how much better it was now that this had never happened!
But however, but however, he might have had amiable intentions.
But if Pierre did not return, until tomorrow.
But if he should decline, sir?
But if they do, I do not think they will be happy.
But in spite of himself his voice trembled.
But in the canyons water was plentiful and also a luxuriant forest growth.
But in the room the settee puzzled me.
But in these matters you have got to realize that tastes differ.
But is it a kind heart?
But is it certain — absolutely certain?
But is that wise, monsieur?
But is the secret safe so far?
But it can't last for ever.
But it contributed to the smash.
But it did not: it burned quite steadily.
But it didn't do any good?
But it didn’t do to begin thinking about the possibilities.
But it is a terrible misfortune.
But it is all one to both; neither is troubled about that.
But it is always so.
But it is at the Court, sir.
But it is mere impertinence in me to offer any recommendation.
But it is no use.
But it is soon over.
But it makes them more fun!
But it must succeed!
But it was a chance, the only possible chance.
But it was a delirium she had the cunning to conceal.
But it was certainly the case.
But it was not I who called myself intelligent.
But it was only sent off at a quarter to one.
But it was plain that even he was overdoing his gaiety.
But it was quite clear.
But it was thoughtful of you to remind me of him.
But it was too much to expect.
But it won't continue, she said with easy confidence.
But it won't open.
But it'll do as well as anything else!
But it's no good.
But it's well enough for the time.
But just at that moment the match went out again.
But knows a quantity, I suppose?
But last summer he was again most painfully obtruded on my notice.
But let this not blind you to what virtue there is
But life's worth more than cash, she argued.
But meanwhile I can go from this villa, monsieur?
But memory eluded me.
But my friends haven’t played their last card by a long sight.
But my little body will soon fall into the background now.
But no such recollection befriended her.
But no, he just stood there. Waving a few fists.
But not a single bee has come near it yet.
But not a sound came from behind the door.
But not now.
But nothing fell out.
But now I had a better idea.
But now I saw that I must carry on as planned.
But now Paul was very rarely alone with Miriam.
But now follow this!
But now of all that help she was deprived.
But now she stood still.
But now they were together; now they were talking.
But now, I’m glad you did not try.
But nowhere on it could a man be seen.
But of course Monsieur will require your presence.
But of course you have others.
But on the first day of June he is coming to this city.
But on the third day I could see he was beginning to get restless.
But one can picture the scene.
But one thing I have never failed to hand the man: he is magnetic.
But one way of communication I did not think of.
But online, your privacy is being violated all the time.
But only now did he exhibit any real animation.
But only the echo came back from the rock.
But other statements in the letter puzzled me.
But she dared not refuse it.
But she had become an automaton.
But she had mastered herself.
But she had to pay now; the moment for payment had come.
But she has.
But she hasn't seen anybody since she got back.
But she heard no more, for almost immediately she fell asleep.
But she is nothing to me now.
But she is too much like her brother — very, very proud.
But she laughed, and said there would be no difficulty.
But she only bruised her wrists.
But she should have it and to spare tonight.
But she swung obediently on her heel into the wind.
But she was not sure - well, let us make sure!
But she was not to be so easily left.
But she would not gratify it.
But she's free! You let her go free!
But so is somebody else's.
But so they always are.
But so we all do.
But somehow the law had got after me.
But still he would be her husband.
But such divergence of opinion would constitute no menace to society.
But tell us frankly about these seances.
But that appears like casting such a man away.
But that did not console me.
But that information would be worth many millions to our enemies.
But that is not the case here.
But that is not the present point.
But that is one great difference between us.
But that is wonderful! How did you find that out?
But that sword looks awfully gleaming and sharp.
But that was not all.
But that's not what I mean.
But that's taking trouble, surely.
But the Brinkley Court fire bell was too much for me.
But the Monkey King shook his head.
But the bearded bloke had shot his bolt.
But the car came back from Geneva into France!
But the coils of rope held her; the scarf suffocated her.
But the door's shut.
But the footsteps moved away.
But the kitchen maid has struck an inspired streak.
But the night after I shall want you.
But the novelty of her surroundings wore off.
But the old man in the moorland house solemnised him.
But the old man spoke again.
But the old man was the pick of the lot.
But the pretty milk-maid was much too vexed to make any answer.
But the smile remained on Helene's face.
But the staircases kept puzzling me.
But the trouble was that my knowledge wasn’t exact.
But the water looked so cold, so terrible, and I was young.
But the women were intent upon their own ends.
But then I found I had stuck.
But then I often think I know you as you really are.
But then I should not have had my wonderful brains! cried the Scarecrow.
But then came an overwhelming thing — the murder of Marthe.
But there I was mistaken.
But there came no promise from the bow of the canoe.
But there could be no doubt about him.
But there is just one point before I begin.
But there remain the footprints, for which I found no explanation.
But there was a pulse of joy at her heart.
But there was also talk of witchcraft in the village.
But there was no escape.
But there was no longer the mother yearning in his heart.
But there was not one there yesterday afternoon at three.
But there was other trouble.
But there was something even more startling than this resemblance.
But there was something more than her beauty to attract him.
But there will be an explanation — if only we can discover it.
But there you have the man.
But there, in the throng of people, they were separated.
But these things happen so often!
But they are mere hints rather than prints.
But they are very pleasing women when you converse with them.
But they did after she got back.
But they had made their one mistake.
But they had not been fortunate.
But they make the mistake of ignoring their own duality.
But they make these head masters of tough stuff.
But they remained helplessly bound.
But they wouldn’t have listened to me.
But this boy, I regret to say, falls into neither class.
But this demolished the whole of his theory about the motorcar.
But this is yesterday's paper!
But this little defect did not worry him.
But this time it was Saxon who rebelled.
But those would be all the differences, leaving out the frankness.
But to Ricardo the whole story was now clear.
But to culture the Revolution thus far had exhausted the Junta.
But tonight I revised my views.
But travelling from France into Switzerland is a very different affair.
But unlike Google, your search still remains private.
But vanity, not love, has been my folly.
But very soon it began to seem less of a game.
But virtually the same, virtually the same.
But wait a moment!
But wasn't it turning the corner two years ago?
But we are all liable to error.
But we are coming to the end.
But we are nearing the end.
But we are plotting nothing against him, Tony.
But we have got the necklace — that's something.
But we have them!
But we want to avoid that if possible.
But we were without this momentum.
But we'll just postpone this.
But what I meant was this.
But what a very good-proportioned yard it is!
But what can I say about the sunset?
But what caused this change of heart?
But what could I do if I stayed!
But what do we know of the plan?
But what else could they do over there in Geneva?
But what happened in the salon?
But what he must have felt!
But what kind of a clue?
But what on earth can you do?
But what should I know?
But what then?
But what they want with your toothbrush is more than I can imagine.
But what turned out to be the case?
But what's done can't be undone.
But when I found myself in that neat hall the place mastered me.
But who are these gentlemen?
But who could have foreseen such an attention as this?
But who was Eileen's double.
But who would have thought?
But why continue the tirade, for tirade it was.
But why do I make these excuses?
But why should you think that I — I, of all men — want money?
But with all my heart, I wish it was so.
But with the pad held up to her she could write.
But without her help the story became complete.
But you are coming my way.
But you are late too, and look weary.
But you are missing an intellectual treat.
But you aren't proposing to keep this up, of course?
But you do not know all.
But you had isolated the house in Geneva.
But you have chosen your fault well.
But you have not mentioned that party's name.
But you know the type.
But you love her, don't you?
But you promised!
But you saw the driver!
But you see the difficulty, Hannay.
But you shall not!
But you should have seen her!
But you will not mention it?
But you will remember now.
But your temper is hasty and you are not considerate.
But you’ll admit it’s horribly awkward.
But you’re so easily offended, you know!
But — but this is a bit too much.
But — may I be quite frank with you, Bertie?
But, Bertie, this is positively bright.
But, Bertie, you don't mean you know these Traverses?
But, again, of those who watched her no one smiled.
But, confound it all, we can't stop out here all night.
But, dash it, Gussie.
But, even if they had known, they must take the risk.
But, however, he did not.
But, however, here's five shillings for you.
But, my dear Miss Summerson, I have no art, no disguise.
But, my dear friend, why shouldn't I?
But, of course, Bertie frankly cheated.
But, of course, one can't do that sort of thing.
But, otherwise, how far above the human listener is the brute!
But, since you are young, naturally you want storms.
But, tut, all this is nothing!
Butler looked at aunt.
Butter wouldn't melt.
Buy four, get the cheapest one free.
Buy one, get one free.
Buy two, get the third free.
By Gad, you’re the very man I’ve been praying for.
By Heaven, that's clever!
By Jove, Bertie, I don't know how to thank you.
By Jove, yes.
By a hundred instances she proclaimed herself a dupe.
By and by I went to my old glass.
By and by my strength began to be restored.
By combining your notes with mine, I was able to determine what happened.
By daybreak you’ll be well into the hills.
By degrees, though very slowly, I at last overcame my strange emotion.
By golly, the boy wins.
By harnessing a persons innate abilities we can help them flourish.
By his manoeuvres on the platform this afternoon.
By process of elimination we could determine who the real culprit was.
By that answer my professional medical prestige stood or fell.
By the lift, if you please; it will save time.
By the moonlight, she can be seen in profile, perfectly still.
By the way, where is the telegram from Marthe?
By this time Charley was as enraged as the Greek.
By this time he has finished and is putting up his case.
By this time it was getting on for six o’clock.
By this time the news will be on its way.
By virtue of that power we shall remain in power.
By way of a start, I read the note again.
Bye-bye, sucker!
C Sharp is a programming language.
Caddy seemed equally at a loss.
Caddy, show Miss Clare and Miss Summerson their rooms.
Cadmium batteries can be recycled also.
Calcium is essential for healthy bone structure.
Call Joe.
Call in help if they don't go.
Call it four and ninepence —  call it four pounds nine.
Call it twenty-five.
Call me in the evening.
Call me that again, he murmured ecstatically.
Call nine nine nine.
Call one one one.
Call the official company directly if you are unsure.
Calm and brave through everything.
Cambridge university has been around for a long time.
Cameron looked at his hands with their long, sinewy fingers.
Can I be of any assistance?
Can I borrow you for a moment?
Can I borrow your bike?
Can I have your phone number?
Can I pay for it with a hire purchase agreement?
Can I reclaim the gift aid on my donation?
Can I save the poor girl from injury before they know it?
Can I speak plainer?
Can algorithms be racist or is it the data?
Can anyone hear me?
Can his most intimate friends be so excessively deceived in him?
Can it do any good?
Can maths explain everything?
Can we arrange a meeting?
Can we assume that the program is moribund?
Can we chat later when I'm feeling a bit more sparky?
Can we discuss it like adults?
Can we do nothing about fake news?
Can you answer me that, Simmons?
Can you change the channel, please?
Can you cut me a deal?
Can you dance, and play music, and sing?
Can you dance?
Can you distribute the prizes at the next prize-giving ceremony?
Can you do division?
Can you do me a favor?
Can you do subtraction?
Can you exclude me from the meeting requests?
Can you feel quite assured of that?
Can you get that on the App Store?
Can you give a ballpark figure on how much it will cost?
Can you give any example of that class?
Can you give me a brief summary?
Can you give me the afternoon slot?
Can you help me find it?
Can you imagine, Bertie?
Can you interpret this?
Can you lay the table for me, darling?
Can you learn to love me?
Can you not keep still?
Can you quote a reliable source to justify that?
Can you really get us out of this mess?
Can you record this for me?
Can you remember what it was like back in the day?
Can you review my pull request?
Can you say it here?
Can you see him declining?
Can you see the blur? It looked blurred yesterday, as well.
Can you see the mark of the stonemason?
Can you see what's on the telly tonight?
Can you smell a really horrible odour?
Can you teach me how to swim?
Can you tow my car?
Can't eat, can't sleep — all for love of you.
Can't say I mind either way.
Can't stop chatting with you all night.
Can't we? You just watch us.
Can't you make them hear?
Can't you realize the position?
Can't you see how pleased we all are?
Can't you see it?
Cancer has claimed the lives of millions of people.
Candy corn is a Halloween favorite, but personally I find it disgusting.
Candyfloss is a popular children's delicacy, particularly during the summer holidays
Canines, Molars and Incisors are teeth names.
Canned food lasts long but is not the same as the fresh food.
Capillary blood vessel.
Capital, he said, had no conscience and no fatherland.
Captain Doane's orders were swiftly obeyed.
Captain West may be a Samurai, but he is also human.
Captain, hail the star ship.
Car batteries require safe disposal, please visit the local recycling center.
Car body kits are often made out of fiberglass.
Car safety maintenance should never be overlooked.
Carbon dioxide is emitted from vehicles that run on fossil fuels.
Cardboard is highly recyclable.
Cardiac Pulmonary Resuscitation is a life-saving resuscitation technique.
Care to come for a saunter?
Carefulness while driving will keep us and others safe.
Carelessness can have devastating consequences.
Carmen was sentenced to fifteen years in prison for jaywalking.
Carnivores are at the top of the food chain; plankton are near the bottom
Caroline is learning French at an adult education class
Carrot and coriander soup.
Cars must stop at a Zebra stripe and allow people to cross.
Cassette tapes are dead technology.
Cassettes tape recorders have long been superseded.
Cat had to practise juggling every day.
Catalan is a language that has some similarities to French.
Catch as catch can.
Catch hold of your money.
Catelina recommends companies should always aim to build a minimum ethical product.
Catherine and Lydia had information for them of a different sort.
Catherine wisely put in her tongue.
Catherine, contented at first, in a brief space grew irritable and restless.
Cathy took two hundred and ten pounds out of her bank account
Cats eyes are a reflector often used to mark the edges of the carriageway
Caution, Handle with care.
Cautiously the men disembarked and crept up the bank.
Celia began to struggle furiously, convulsively.
Celia covered her face with her hands for a few moments.
Celia covered her face with her hands.
Celia dragged herself out of the shop in despair.
Celia dressed herself as she did last night.
Celia drew her hands away from her face.
Celia drove yesterday night to Geneva.
Celia followed his advice.
Celia had herself hidden them there for safety.
Celia had no doubt who "she" was.
Celia had no suspicions of Helene.
Celia had sprung from Montmartre suddenly; therefore Helene despised her.
Celia had taken her place.
Celia heard Harry behind her draw a long breath of relief.
Celia heard it turn in the lock, and the door bang.
Celia heard some one drop heavily into a chair.
Celia heard that note and was quelled by it.
Celia heard the women settle in their chairs about the table.
Celia kept pace with her.
Celia leaned back, her heart fainting within her.
Celia let her arms fall forward on the table.
Celia let her head fall towards her shoulder.
Celia made no movement.
Celia moved and opened her eyes.
Celia nodded her head gratefully.
Celia noticed the fire with a trifle of dismay.
Celia raised her head to answer.
Celia ran up the stairs.
Celia should wear it tonight.
Celia shrank back, shivering.
Celia shrank from the renewal of these meetings.
Celia sprang out on to the pavement.
Celia stared at her in dread.
Celia stood apparently unconcerned, apparently lost to all that was going on.
Celia tantalised her with hope.
Celia travelled in this car.
Celia turned back again to Harry.
Celia turned her back and crossed her wrists.
Celia was not greatly disconcerted by her.
Celia was quite alone when she bought the cord.
Celia was thrown out of work, and could get nothing to do.
Celia was to have married me this week.
Celia was wearing buckles on her shoes.
Celia was wearing the shoes she was meant to wear.
Celia went into the shop, and bought the cord.
Celia will be very welcome.
Celia's first thought was one of relief.
Celia's uneasiness grew into fear.
Celia's vague terror grew.
Celia, for her part, felt humiliated and small.
Celia, her cheeks rosy, her eyes bright.
Celia, indeed, was not alarmed by this last precaution.
Celsius is a common temperature scale.
Cern is an international particle physics laboratory near Geneva.
Certainly I have seen you to better advantage, sir.
Certainly I remembered Angela's shark.
Certainly Jo doesn't know.
Certainly he gave it to me.
Certainly not — at first.
Certainly she dwelt in Bohemia.
Certainly she locked her rings and necklaces away whilst I helped her undress.
Certainly she will.
Certainly, we’ll do anything in our power to assist the authorities.
Certainly; you shall go to your friends at once.
Chance would be a fine thing!
Chancery justice is so very difficult to follow.
Change chairs, Daylight commanded.
Charities are developing systems to offer cash direct to the needy in emergencies.
Charities must be vigilant for the protection of the vulnerable.
Charities work hard to alleviate suffering.
Charles Babbage and Ada Lovelace invented the Analytical Engine.
Charles Darwin's most famous work is On the Origin of Species.
Charley looked at me a little frightened.
Charley's last report was that the boy was quiet.
Charlie overestimated by at least a factor of ten.
Charlotte herself was tolerably composed.
Charlotte is an excellent manager, I dare say.
Charlotte the wife of Mr. Collins was a most humiliating picture!
Cheap housing helps first time buyers get onto the property ladder.
Check the calorimeter.
Check this out.
Cheer up, and tell us about it!
Cheers, said the girl, and cheerio
Cheese must be grated before being added.
Cherokee identified himself with his instinct.
Chess is entirely a game of skill, but backgammon includes an element of chance
Chewing tobacco increases the risk of cancer.
Chicken and broccoli pasta bake.
Chief executives are afforded many privileges for their senior role.
Children can be mischievous.
Children do not always heed the wisdom of their parents.
Children just want the attention of their parents.
Chinese crispy beef stir fry.
Chips, cheese and peas.
Chocolate mousse; yummy!
Chocolate with a caramel filling.
Choreography is harder than it looks.
Christina recommended the fish.
Christmas is an easy problem compared with a Polynesian giving-feast.
Christmas is on December twenty-fifth.
Churchill wore a boiler suit frequently during the war
Citizens collectively contribute to the success of an economy.
Civil society leaders strive to serve the community they represent.
Claire and Sean kindly agreed to clear out my city pad.
Claire waited patiently.
Classic beef burger, with a twist.
Claudia picked up the knife and waved it menacingly.
Clay pots are baked in a clay oven.
Clean air, means better lungs.
Clean water is a privilege we take for granted.
Cleanliness is a pillar of this household.
Clearly he was hard put to it.
Clearly he was very drunk.
Click the grid to expand more details.
Climate change is real, people.
Clingfilm is very useful for sealing open containers
Close beside him gleamed the white fangs of the wolf-dog.
Closed Captions is an assistive technology that also benefits non-impaired users.
Clothes are disposed of too early because of changing fashion trends.
Clothes are folded and placed in a drawer.
Clothes are made to be worn.
Clothes that are off-the-peg are ready-made rather than bespoke
Cloud computing enables you to scale up architecture on-demand.
Clubs and balls and cities grew to be only memories.
Cochlear implants help to restore hearing for a deaf person.
Coffee is a type of Diuretics.
Cognitive Intelligence cannot form on its own.
Cole, stop stealing my french fries!
Colin and Nathan are bitter rivals.
Colin appears rather sad this afternoon
Colin, is that you?
Collins, you must marry.
Collins, you must send a servant with them.
Colloquialism language is commonly used.
Colonel Forster gives us reason to expect him here soon.
Colonel sanders has his face painted on many buildings.
Come and help me out of this!’
Come and see me tomorrow, Hannay.
Come as soon as you can on receipt of this.
Come here directly, and get ready for your walk!
Come in through the shop if t'other door's out of order!
Come in with your light.
Come into this house for heaven's sake!
Come off the motorway, take the next slip-road, then left at the roundabout
Come on! Don't be such a slowcoach!
Come on, Del Mar challenged.
Come on, old friend.
Come out from behind that bench.
Come to me tomorrow and you shall have a heart.
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
Come, come, my young cousins, begin afresh!
Come, come, we must not fence and parry now.
Come, come, what is all this?
Come, girls, come and see your home!
Come, go and get the jewels.
Come, let us go from here!
Come, let us go!
Come, my dear friend, there's a chance for you.
Come, then, I want to know where those letters are.
Come, there’s half my plan done now!
Coming in a minute, nurse!
Comment?
Commodities are sold in huge volumes.
Common British terms for a toilet are loo and lavatory
Common punctuation marks include the full stop, comma, semicolon, and inverted commas
Common sense reasoning is a limitation of the current generation of algorithms.
Companies downsize when there are too many intermediaries.
Companies looking to automate should educate their workers also.
Companies selfishly let go of talented staff to keep shareholders happy.
Companies that use biometric data must work to keep it secure.
Companies will need to prioritize their workforce over profit.
Companies working on Machine Learning must build an ethical product.
Comparative benchmarks have shown the latter to perform exceedingly better.
Competitiveness in the industry drives innovation and growth. The consumer wins.
Complete silence followed upon his words.
Complexity in code should be avoided to enhance maintainability.
Compliance of Ethics by the industry will build trust.
Compliments always take you by surprise, and me never.
Compose for me an email to Gary.
Compounded by debt.
Computer scientists have banged their heads trying to solve this problem until now.
Computer, read out aloud this page.
Computer-aided design tools enable product designers to prototype ideas.
Computing power can speed up the progress of human-like computational reasoning.
Concentration is easily disrupted while task switching.
Condensate had built up on the rim of the window sill.
Condensation is a natural phase of the water life cycle.
Confidentiality during the consultation is essential
Confidently anticipate him as Master of Revels on thirty-first.
Confound the stuff, it won't blow off — smears like black fat!
Confused and lost, Richard headed in the direction of platform K.
Connecting the dots, is not as easy as it seems in machine learning.
Consequently I myself have been compelled to nurse him.
Consequently you're very far from wanting to give trouble.
Consequently, I rely upon your ladyship's honour.
Consider Mr. Collins's respectability, and Charlotte's steady, prudent character.
Consider a circle on the complex plane.
Consider what a great girl you are.
Consider what o’clock it is.
Consider your conduct frozen limit.
Considering one perspective creates a limited view of the world.
Consumables are the most sold items.
Consumer electronics are not built to last like they used to.
Consumers want an appealing, stylish and durable product.
Continuous Integration has been a lifesaver for us.
Contrary to popular belief, you shouldn't feed bread to ducks. Give birdseeds instead.
Contributions gratefully received
Conversational and acquiescent on both sides.
Convolutional Neural Networks are great to work with images.
Cookies must be baked at the right temperature.
Copyright infringement must be avoided.
Coral reefs near beaches are being affected by tourism.
Corporate organizations forget that they were once a startup.
Corporations are usually only interested in profitability.
Correlation does not equals causation.
Corruption can be tackled by changing the culture that facilitates it.
Cotton wool can be used with make-up remover to remove eyeshadow
Cotton wool is very good for removing make-up
Could Aunt Dahlia have slept on it and changed her mind?
Could I ask you to fill in this form, please?
Could I borrow a bit of cash?
Could I speak to you alone for a moment?
Could Jeeves have got you into Brinkley Court?
Could bees survive if we made them resistant to pesticides?
Could he expect that her friends would not step forward?
Could he have Colonel Fitzwilliam in his thoughts?
Could the incident have anything to do with Jeanne and Pierre.
Could the tenors and basses please watch the conductor?
Could there be finer symptoms?
Could you fetch me a pinch from anywhere?
Could you give me a ring at about ten o'clock?
Could you kindly desist from throwing peanuts from the gallery?
Could you look after our kangaroo while we're on holiday?
Could you please advise on available funds?
Could you post this letter for me please?
Could you put the sauce on the side?
Could you tell me what that entails?
Could you translate for me?
Could you trust in him?
Couldn't have helped himself, of course.
Counseling support can help during the bereavement process.
Count the people on the bus, and don't forget to include yourself.
Counter-factual explanations can help in explaining what black-box models mean.
Couple of hours after.
Cousin John, perhaps, is better.
Covered with ink and mire generally, washing only on alternate Thursdays.
Crash and burn.
Craziness is doing the same thing and expecting a different result.
Creative Commons is an organisation that provides open copyright licences
Creeping and crawling
Creeping and crawling.
Crew retention has been a huge problem in recent years.
Crickets began to chirp, and more geese and ducks flew overhead.
Cries for help were heard in a by-street of a town.
Crisps are high in starch.
Crisps are made from potato.
Cross the stream where it is shallowest.
Crumbs, dust, and waste-paper were all over the house.
Crystal icicles had formed around the cave.
Cuddly toy, soft toy, stuffed animal are all plush toys
Curly rushed her antagonist, who struck again and leaped aside.
Currently we are closed.
Curse all dancing chauffeurs!
Cycling is a very green way to travel
Cyclists should always carry a tyre-repair kit, in case of punctures
Dahlia was in the drawing-room.
Damn all dancing butlers!
Damn it, they'd rush the platform.
Damn that boy, he’s gone to sleep again.
Dancing was her passion.
Daniel concealed the F grade in the corner so his mother wouldn't see it.
Darcy said nothing at all.
Daring and brains, those were the property of Harry — yes.
Darkness again filled the recess instead of the grey twilight.
Darkness hid him from Jeanne.
Darling, we've run out of paper tissues again.
Dash all gestures, is my view.
Dash it, there are hundreds of things you can say.
Dashed painful, I understand.
Dashed reasonable, was my verdict.
Dashed silly thing to say.
Data Scientists can learn to de-bias an algorithm during model training.
Data is a vital ingredient of training machine learning models.
Daughtry elaborated on the counting trick by bringing Cocky along.
David manoeuvred the lorry carefully through the narrow streets of London.
David, Tim and Sarah regularly perform jazz at the local bar.
Dawn restored me to common sense.
Daylight found himself charmed and made curious by the little man.
Daylight made no answer, and the door closed behind him.
Daylight was tired, profoundly tired.
De-clutter the things in your life, de-clutter your mind.
Deal with it!
Dear Lizzy, only consider what he must have suffered.
Dear Mr Thompson.
Dear Mrs Brown.
Dear Ms Collins.
Dear Sir, Your second victim has fallen on schedule time.
Dear mother, are you so resolved?
Death and taxes are both unavoidable.
Death had come with terrible suddenness.
Death is and has been ever since old Maui died.
Decentralization may be the future of the internet.
Deck the halls with boughs of holly.
Decompression works a little faster when you're not using the machine.
Decoupling code will make your software less brittle during changes.
Deep Learning is mostly being used for perception in self driving cars.
Deep Neural Networks are ideal for computer vision use cases.
Deeply regret, my foot.
Defeat at the tournament made him demotivated.
Definitely over, is it?
Delete all debug breakpoints.
Delicacy be dashed.
Dementia causes symptoms of memory loss.
Dementia is usually experienced by the elderly.
Dennin's hands were released long enough for him to sign the document.
Deploy all personnel to the site immediately.
Dermatologists specialise in the conditions of the skin.
Desalination of ocean water is a costly process, we need more efficient methods.
Describe briefly what you think of climate change?
Describe it to me.
Desperate families sought asylum in a neighboring country.
Despite all the bravado he was worried about what might happen.
Despite our cultural differences everyone has the same common values.
Despite shrinking industries, this startup is bucking the trend.
Despite the failure, he was sanguine about it all.
Despite these divergences in opinions, people can agree on some common views.
Destruction of private property will not be tolerated.
Devilled eggs taste horrible.
Did Gussie seem taken aback?
Did I possess too much vitality.
Did Thorpe go to see any one in Churchill.
Did he look, when he was living, so very ill and poor?
Did he recede from his position?
Did my husband buy the sausages?
Did not you understand that?
Did she do that?
Did she go, before the murder, to join a lover?
Did she keep much money in the house?
Did she run through it quickly, eagerly, noticing nothing amiss?
Did she wear them when she went down the stairs last night?
Did the tambourine rattle in the darkness on the wall?
Did they emanate from her?
Did you ask particularly that you should have yesterday, the Tuesday?
Did you bring your binoculars?
Did you discover anything?
Did you ever go for a voyage on a ship?
Did you ever see such a brute?
Did you find a car park, or did you park on the street?
Did you get down from the seat at all?
Did you give him your story of the two Irishmen?
Did you go by the old bridge, or the market-place?
Did you hear about their new album?
Did you hear me ask you where you have come from?
Did you imply that he has children of his own, sir?
Did you know another poor person of the name of Liz?
Did you make a call to the real estate agents?
Did you read Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone?
Did you see anyone pass early this morning?
Did you see her eyes and face when first she saw that sack?
Did you see that? I can hardly believe it!
Did you see the new documentary?
Did you tell him his attitude struck you as defeatist?
Did you think I didn’t know the answer to that?
Did you walk straight from here?
Did you wish to see me?
Did you, darling?
Didn't I tell you it would be a flop?
Didn't he owe us immense sums, all round?
Didn't you put any soda in it?
Diesel cars are no longer in fashion.
Diesel engines make a different noise to petrol engines.
Dig deep, this one is going to be expensive!.
Dig in; you're sure good, was Daylight's answer.
Digging for apples, yer honour!
Diligent, persevering, steady, acute in business.
Ding dong merrily on high.
Dining at his expense, Bart?
Dinner in half an hour, sir.
Diphtheria requires urgent medical treatment.
Discovery of the jewels!
Discretion is the better part of valour, or so they say.
Disgraceful that an able-bodied man like you should dare to beg.
Dismiss her patronage from consideration?
Displaying Nazi symbols or propaganda is against the law in Germany.
Do I come across as being pretentious if I wear this?
Do I have any emails to read?
Do I have to book, or can I pay on the day?
Do I have to meet him? He is as dull as ditchwater.
Do I look as if I mean it?
Do I need to fill in this questionnaire?
Do I understand that you will take her with you?
Do I, or don't I?
Do ants sting, or do they bite?
Do as much by me in return.
Do as well as anything else!
Do her friends know my story also?
Do listen for a second.
Do not be angry with me for saying this.
Do not be so moved.
Do not blame the mother for her share..
Do not cross the barbed wires.
Do not dismiss me so soon!
Do not distress me by the idea.
Do not exert yourself too much during a warm-up.
Do not lose heart!
Do not miss this great chance, which may never occur again.
Do not ostracize schizophrenic people, they need support.
Do not over rev the car.
Do not overtake unless it is safe to do so.
Do not respond to email blackmail threats or send any money to them.
Do not tremble and cry so much for me.
Do not use this pen.
Do now, at last, dear godmother, if you please!
Do people still use a phone directory?
Do so much for my sake, and thus all ends between us!
Do take a seat. Someone will be with you shortly.
Do take some food, and some repose.
Do they look like that sort of thing?
Do we have a maintenance contract?
Do we have an example to illustrate that with?
Do we have authorisation to proceed?
Do we have robust disaster planning for that scenario?
Do we have the right equipment to tackle this climb?
Do we have to?
Do we need to pay stamp duty on this house?
Do we need to peel the aubergine before we cook it?
Do what I want, and I will pay you well.
Do you accept or decline?
Do you accept payment by instalments?
Do you accept these terms and conditions?
Do you believe him?
Do you believe in destiny?
Do you consent to view cookies on this website?
Do you consider him in present danger, sir?
Do you contemplate telling Sir Leicester tonight?
Do you dread a particular person?
Do you drink herbal teas?
Do you grasp the psychology?
Do you happen to carry a box?
Do you have a booking with us?
Do you have a carpet sweeper or a Hoover I can borrow?
Do you have a clean handkerchief?
Do you have a favourite knock knock joke?
Do you have a spouse?
Do you have a trustee code of conduct?
Do you have allergies?
Do you have an estate car, or a saloon?
Do you have to pay a monthly fee for your bank’s current account?
Do you hear any sound?
Do you hear the snow against the window-panes, Kitty?
Do you intend to remain in the house?
Do you know any Silicon Valley billionaires?
Do you know any good land around here.
Do you know how much that ring cost?
Do you know how to mend this chair?
Do you know how to sew clothes?
Do you know if there is a car park nearby?
Do you know languages?
Do you know my guardian, ma'am?
Do you know that we weigh every pound of coal we burn.
Do you know that you are shaking my confidence in you.
Do you know that you’re scrubbing a White Queen?
Do you know the place where he was buried?
Do you know the poem Desiderata?
Do you know the pronunciation of that word?
Do you know the relief that my disappearance will be?
Do you know the story of Orpheus with his lute?
Do you know today's football score?
Do you know what brought Aunt Dahlia up here this morning?
Do you know what species this is?
Do you know what that tune is?
Do you know what this ready meal consists of?
Do you know what's happened?
Do you like Machine Learning?
Do you like classical music?
Do you like plum-cake, monster?
Do you like reading physical books or digital versions?
Do you like sugar?
Do you like the new website layout?
Do you manage to get out on your bicycle every weekend?
Do you mean it though, Tony?
Do you mean to look at?
Do you need assistance changing this tire?
Do you play and sing, Miss Bennet?” “A little.”
Do you prefer flour based noodles or rice based noodles?
Do you prefer jelly babies or mint humbugs?
Do you prefer rock, jazz, or folk music?
Do you prefer single or double cream?
Do you prefer white coffee, or black?
Do you read The Times or The Guardian?
Do you really have to swear quite so often?
Do you recollect the lady's voice?
Do you remember that kids' school we went to before Eton?
Do you remember that?
Do you remember too that I asked him for a road-book?
Do you remember whether she was Canadian or American?
Do you rub your legs to rub life into 'em?
Do you spell your name Ann or Anne?
Do you take me for a dunce?
Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?
Do you think I ought to acknowledge her kindness?
Do you think he looks silly?
Do you think he will still be there?
Do you think that graffiti is vandalism or art?
Do you think you could get me one?
Do you think you could manage it?
Do you think, Rosa, you are any relief or comfort to me?
Do you use Tensorflow or Pytorch?
Do you use an alias for business?
Do you value your hide.
Do you want a single ticket, or a return?
Do you want chips or beans with it?
Do you want fries with that?
Do you want hundreds and thousands on your ice cream?
Do you want me to like you?
Do you want to act as administrator or coordinator?
Do you want to be let in?
Do you want to buy a single or a return ticket?
Do you want to wash before dinner?
Do you want your boss to like you?
Do you wish to hold any conversation with me in private?
Do you worry about pesticides?
Do your duty, but be careful not to overstep it.
Do, for God's sake, pull my hat forward.
Doctor's write out many prescriptions for patients.
Doctors write out many prescriptions for patients
Does Mr. Badger think so too?
Does anybody have a pack of cards?
Does anybody know the square root of two? the teacher enquired
Does anybody use their garage for keeping a car in?
Does anyone still use paper clips?
Does he show any turn for any musical instrument?
Does it make sense?
Does she work as a childminder or as a nanny?
Does social media create an echo chamber effect?
Does that look good.
Does that ready meal have an expiry date?
Does that resound with you?
Does the bedroom have a wardrobe, or built-in cupboards?
Does the old boy often go off at half-cock that way.
Does the patients eye dilate when you flash a light on it?
Does this contain nuts?
Does this sound right to you?
Does your charge give you much trouble?
Does your van have a diesel engine, or is it petrol?
Doesn't anyone else know you're a humbug?
Domestic violence should not be tolerated.
Don Giovanni is a famous opera by Mozart
Don is always banging on about climate change.
Don might well have mentioned it; I forget.
Don't apologize, ducky.
Don't be agitated, my dear.
Don't be an ass, Jeeves.
Don't be blindsided by low-quality research, demand high standards.
Don't be ruffled by your occupation.
Don't be uneasy for me!
Don't believe the caller id from cold callers as these are easily spoofed.
Don't distress yourself; it's of no use.
Don't eat any dinner tonight.
Don't forget that resources are finite.
Don't forget that the car has a gear lever; it's not an automatic
Don't forget to add Basil.
Don't forget to add Oregano.
Don't forget to add Pecan.
Don't forget to include a covering letter with the curriculum vitae.
Don't forget to take some tea bags!
Don't forget your baking tray if you're going to bake biscuits
Don't get your knickers in a twist
Don't give it another thought.
Don't give the matter another thought.
Don't give up!.
Don't go on in that way!
Don't go to bed on a full stomach while a neighbour goes hungry.
Don't have what, dear Pa?
Don't hesitate to contact me if you have any questions.
Don't keep coughing so, Kitty, for Heaven's sake!
Don't keep saying, 'What?'
Don't look at me like that, for God's sake, child!
Don't mention it to our diminutive friend when she comes in.
Don't miss the latest episode of the podcast. Out now!
Don't say it wasn't done!
Don't say that, don't say that.
Don't scold the old lady.
Don't shoot the messenger.
Don't speak to me.
Don't take all that guff of hers too literally, old man.
Don't take them out.
Don't talk to me, and stand farther from me!
Don't tar people with the same brush.
Don't tell stories, Miss Summerson.
Don't tell the boys!
Don't think I've kept anything from you.
Don't touch that butter. It's rancid!
Don't wake Miss Clare.
Don't worry, we're professionals.
Don't you dare presume to demand anything of me!
Don't you read or get read to?
Don't you see I hate you.
Don't you see what this means?
Don't you see, I'm chewing this thing in two.
Don't you think that's a rather risky course of action?
Don't you think the spelling of weird is, well, weird?
Don't you want to spend time with your loved ones?
Don’t drink and drive.
Don’t let that interfere with your appetite.
Don’t try to talk!
Don’t worry, it’s easy.
Dorothy L Sayers used to have a job as an advertising copywriter
Dorothy caught Toto at last, and started to follow her aunt.
Dorothy felt as if she were going up in a balloon.
Dorothy listened to this speech with wonder.
Dorothy looked at him curiously.
Dorothy said nothing.
Dorothy stood up and found she was in her stocking-feet.
Dorothy was almost ready to cry with disappointment.
Dot the I's and cross the T's.
Dot will be the student liaison this week.
Doubt is the beginning, not the end of wisdom
Down there the earth was already swelling with life.
Down through the perfume weighted air fluttered the snowy fluffs of the cottonwoods.
Down with the kids
Downsizing is at the cost of losing talent and quality.
Downstairs, in the salon, only a chair had been overturned.
Dozens of times.
Drag down to refresh the screen.
Dramatically he proclaimed, "Charge!".
Draw a horizontal line down the middle of the paper.
Draw a right-angular line.
Drawers, desks, pockets, all things belonging to him.
Dreams can come true.
Drenched irises, if you care to put it that way.
Drink it, Miss Summerson, it'll do you good.
Drink-driving is a serious criminal offence
Drinking and driving Is very dangerous, not to mention illegal.
Drinking and driving is not worth it.
Drinking excessively can have severe health consequences.
Drinks, do you mean?
Drive round the ring road, and come off at the third roundabout
Drive safely!
Drivers must master driving at the best speed for the current road conditions.
Driving tests are nerve-racking.
Drop a spanner in the works
Drop the Mic, I'm out.
Dual-carriageways and motorways have a central reservation that divides the carriageways
Dubious is no word for it, Jeeves.
Dublin is the capital of the Republic of Ireland.
Due to advances in deep learning.
Due to financial constraints I can only lend you fifty dollars.
Due to high demand, we are out of stock.
Due to what is known as the maternal instinct, what?
Dunham, can your boy go along with Jesse.
During his long career, he received many honours and awards.
During my tenure as a professor, I taught hundreds of students.
During the depression, businesses dealt with it differently.
During the transition, who will pay for it?
Dynamic Link Libraries are reusable modules of windows software applications.
Dyslexia is a learning difficulty experienced in reading and writing.
Dyspraxia is a developmental co-ordination disorder.
Each day she became a more vital part of him.
Each improvement makes the value of everything else pump up.
Each insult added to the value of the claim.
Eagerly I seized on it, for I fancied it would tell me something.
Early audiences were hungry for escapist entertainment.
Early civilization was primitive.
Early screening of high-risk patients could prevent aggressive cancer.
Earth and gravel seemed to fill the pan.
Earths resources are not infinite, we must not be wasteful.
Easter Day falls late this year
Easter falls either in late March or in April
Easter is the celebration of Jesus's resurrection.
Eat less meat.
Eating meat based products leaves a larger carbon foot print.
Economists like predicting the Economy.
Ed will not be joining us today.
Education is a path out of poverty.
Education is seen as the path out of poverty in many developing nations.
Education is the gateway to a better future.
Educational Institutional systems need to be modernized.
Eek! Maybe it’s something psychological?
Efficiency is important, but so is quality.
Eggshell is not good to eat.
Eight items are selected.
Eighteen hundred, he calculated.
Eighteen, he added.
Either of these men wish to go through the court?
Either the suit must be ended, Esther - or the suitor.
Either way, I’m happy.
Ejecting disk in five seconds.
Elderly individuals take advantage of accessibility technology.
Elderly people can be vulnerable and need assistance, but might not ask for it.
Electric Vehicles might be practical if more investment was put into recharging infrastructure.
Electric field strength is measured in volts per metre
Electricity pylons can be very intrusive in rural areas
Electrocardiograph machines can detect atrial fibrillation.
Electronic exports may be subject to tax at the destination country.
Eli Harding asked, as Shunk started to follow.
Elizabeth accepted their company, and the three young ladies set off together.
Elizabeth blushed and blushed again with shame and vexation.
Elizabeth could not but be pleased, could not but triumph.
Elizabeth felt Jane's pleasure.
Elizabeth immediately began playing again.
Elizabeth loved absurdities, but she had known Sir William's too long.
Elizabeth merely curtseyed to him without saying a word.
Elizabeth now began to revive.
Elizabeth silently attended her.
Elizabeth then contrived to sit by her aunt.
Elizabeth took an opportunity of thanking her.
Elizabeth took leave of the whole party in the liveliest of spirits.
Elizabeth was in agonies.
Elizabeth was now to see Mr. Wickham for the last time.
Elizabeth was surprised, but said not a word.
Elizabeth went away with her head full of him.
Elizabeth's courage did not fail her.
Elizabeth, on her side, had much to do.
Else why should the gate again be open at midnight?
Elsewhere in the world, the birds were chirping and wildlife was thriving.
Emma loves to draw and paint, while I sit and watch quietly
Emma sometimes enjoys a small gamble, but she never plays for high sums
Emma takes her summer holidays in June, finding it too hot in August
Emotion had overmastered my voice.
Empirical research shows that is not the case.
Employees feel the pressure of unreasonable expectations.
Employers should responsibly retrain people for the future of work.
Encouraged by my conduct, Big-Face became a sudden ally.
Engine oil regularly needs changing.
Engineers need to design aircraft to rely less on fossil fuels.
Engineers of the future will include Ethics as their design process.
England’s most famous universities are Oxford and Cambridge
English Members of Parliament need to open a dialogue with their Scottish counterparts.
English is my second language.
Enjoy it he did, but principally for Steward's sake.
Enjoy your achievements as well as your plans.
Enough of this, my dear!
Enterprises are picking up the pace in adopting digital marketing.
Enters now the psychology of the situation.
Entrepreneurship should be encouraged to boost growth.
Epidemiology is the study of how diseases occur.
Ernest saw in the affair the most sinister import.
Especially when you see her sideways.
Esther certainly does think so.
Esther, will you forgive me?
Ethical considerations should be made to mitigate the misuse of technology advancements.
Ethically Aligned Design.
Ethics will need to be baked in Artificial Intelligence from the beginning.
Ethics will need to be baked into Artificial Intelligence from the beginning.
Even Miriam laughed in spite of herself.
Even a fully qualified nurse isn’t terribly well paid.
Even computers have their own language.
Even looked surprised.
Even make him better off, if you like.
Even now he was only beginning to be aware of it.
Even so, the rustle of it was heard.
Even that won't do.
Even the delicate tracery of the ceiling did not escape his scrutiny.
Even the smallest companies can take advantage of it.
Even then I had no particular conviction about Geneva.
Eventually machine learning algorithms will evolve to handle more complex scenarios.
Eventually these two roads will converge into one.
Eventually they decided to evacuate to Canada.
Eventually this software will supersede previous editions.
Ever so many lessons to learn!
Every British car has a gearbox, a bonnet, a windscreen, and a boot
Every Monday I have to catch the train into work
Every artistic fibre in his body vibrated to the dramatic situation.
Every bone in her aged body seemed broken or dislocated.
Every country is a sovereign country.
Every day is a day to learn.
Every day it is met by a wall of silence.
Every edition is packed with fun!
Every fibre in her was in revolt.
Every house needs a fire alarm and extinguisher.
Every important plan needs a contingency plan.
Every kind of pride must revolt from the connection.
Every man knows his limits.
Every master in Chancery has had a reference out of it.
Every medical practitioner must swear by the Hippocratic oath.
Every month, I treat myself to some delicious ice cream.
Every mountain has its peak.
Every night she was never too tired for that.
Every organization has a Harassment policy.
Every person has the ability to demonstrate compassion to a stranger.
Every person is the king of the castle in their own home.
Every person requires a driving license before they are allowed to drive.
Every possible inquiry was made, and every place was searched.
Every school child knows that six is three times two
Every search you make, every link you click, and every email you send.
Every seaside resort has them.
Every time they met, it was more decided and remarkable.
Everybody carries a mobile phone nowadays
Everybody else quickly vanishes too.
Everybody has been very kind to me.
Everybody is disgusted with his pride.
Everybody seemed to be in it!
Everyone has a desire to be liked, it's perfectly natural.
Everyone has their own unique quirks.
Everyone here has watched at least one harry potter movie.
Everyone here is paid a fixed wage.
Everyone is broke in January.
Everyone loves to experience their individualism. No one is exactly the same.
Everyone may choose whatever gift they like.
Everyone should have access to basic health-care.
Everyone should regularly monitor their credit rating.
Everyone's life is a unique story worthy of remembering.
Everything depended, you see, on my guess proving right.
Everything held in confusion and indecision until then!
Everything is for the best in this best of all possible worlds.
Everything is still there.
Everything nourishes what is strong already.
Everything postponed to that imaginary time!
Everything pretty smooth now, I trust?
Everything seemed to be bought and nothing to be sold there.
Everything seems to happen on Tuesday.
Everything was as public and above-board as a charity bazaar.
Everything was working smoothly, better than I had expected.
Everything wore a happier aspect.
Everything’s against me.
Evidently they were chaffing him, and their chaff sounded horribly English.
Exactly what is it you want?
Exceedingly true, sir.
Excellent, just come on through to the kitchen.
Except where I have moved it about to make more room, miss.
Excessive heat had warped the motherboard.
Excitement was gaining upon her.
Exciting times are the lot of the fish patrol.
Excuse me, for I must speak plainly.
Excuse my interference — it was kindly meant.
Exemplary, the teacher beamed, awarding Karen an A.
Exercise and diet can restore vitality.
Exercise caution in your business affairs, for the world is full of trickery.
Exerting excess pressure could damage the equipment.
Exo-skeletons are being introduced in the commercial space especially warehouses.
Exorbitant house prices would inhibit people joining the housing ladder.
Experience had taught her what happened when he got upset.
Experts conceive autonomous vehicles will come to wherever you are on demand.
Experts recommend robots should not be gendered to avoid promoting harmful stereotypes.
Experts recommend robots should not be gendered to avoid promoting harmful stereotypes..
Explainability in machine learning models help us understand how it came to a decision.
Exports are constrained by import levies at the destination.
Extensive repairs are necessary to the whole structure.
Extraordinarily he survived the crash.
Extraordinary daring — that was one of the qualities of my criminal.
Extrinsic factors like the economy, culture and social media have an effect on business.
Fail to plan, and you Prepare to fail.
Fairy lights are a very popular decoration for a Christmas tree
Fake news has recently become an area of great public concern
Fallacious or dissembling arguments.
False alarms were horrifyingly common during the Cold War.
False anti-vax campaigns are risking the safety of children.
Fame is not all it's cracked up to be.
Familiarity with a system allows a person to be intuitive with another system.
Famine had been my great ally.
Fans were beating down the door at the launch of the first iPhone.
Far from it.
Fast, but endure.
Fat in the middle and thin on the top.
Father Christmas is the traditional English name for the personification of Christmas
Faults on both sides, no doubt.
Feather!’ the Sheep cried again, taking more needles.
Featuring a slate mansard roof.
February was the coldest month of the year.
Feel towards you as you would like me to feel.
Feeling the greatest fool on earth, I opened the gate and rang the bell.
Fei fell in love and wanted to marry her only real friend.
Fewer people are subscribing to our channel.
Fibre optics enable ultra-fast internet.
Fifty assorted sweets.
Fifty yards ahead of her were the first of the rocks.
Fifty-two percent is hardly a massive majority, she objected
Fight against this.
Figs are more versatile than you might think
Finally a sergeant told her to go away.
Finals are next week and I'm panicking.
Find me a bed and breakfast nearby.
Find me a blueprint for building stable software.
Find me a short stay lodging in Bristol.
Find me accommodation closest to the exhibition center.
Find me an accredited local electrician.
Find the company directly on Google instead.
Fingers crossed!
Fingers touch my forehead — now they touch my cheek — now they touch my throat!
Fintech is short for Financial Technology.
Fiona and Jamie were engaged to be married.
Fiona is a Buddhist.
Firefighters are heroes.
First of all, he asked Miss Lucas.
First segment the unit of work.
First there was that mix-up about the prize-giving.
First things first.
First you boil the spuds, then you mash them.
First you need to square x, and then take the cube root.
First, our father was drawn in — slowly.
First, there was an accomplice in the house — perhaps two.
Fish and chips is a very traditional British meal
Fishing for bass is tough.
Fitted carpets are more popular than hardwood flooring
Five daughters brought up at home without a governess!
Five dozen rifles and a dozen pistols.
Five minutes to three!
Five surprised faces looked up from a round table.
Fixing me with a glittering eye, like the Ancient Mariner.
Fizzy drinks often have a lot of sugar and are bad for your teeth
Flights within Europe are cheap.
Floppy disks used to get easily corrupted.
Fluorescent lamps have now largely been superseded
Fly the flag.
Foghorns are deafeningly loud.
Follow the right exit under the bridge.
Football managers devise the perfect strategy for their team.
Footnotes have been provided.
For God's sake, say no more of his partners.
For Helene gave her a look, a smile of reassurance.
For I look at another of your questions.
For I was thinking desperately of what I had found in Scudder’s pocket-book.
For Miriam he was too quick.
For a few moments he ate in silence.
For a full half minute Jeanne looked at him without speaking.
For a full minute he crouched and listened.
For a full minute the two men stared into each other's face.
For a little while they are silent.
For a long while he held out.
For a minute or two Alice stood silent, watching him.
For a moment all could see it — livid, swollen, unhuman.
For a moment he stared into his face — paralysed by fear.
For a moment she held her so.
For a moment she tottered; then she stood firm.
For a moment the girl's shoulders worked, her hands fluttered.
For a moment the men in the passage held their breath.
For a moment the shock of horror stunned her.
For a much longer time Lop-Ear and I remained and watched.
For a time the exciting thrill of his adventure was gone.
For all I knew half those boxes might be dynamite.
For all intents and purposes.
For all the while they lay safe in this cache.
For always there will be greater and lesser persons than yourself.
For an hour or two I watched it from a pit of heather.
For an instant he saw Pierre drawn like a silhouette against the sky.
For apart from her happiness, her own, it seemed, was at stake too.
For at times, no doubt, he is wrong too.
For certain grave reasons his tale must wait for four hours.
For everything, there is a season.
For fifty pounds he had seen his mother that day.
For generations, our families have lived here.
For half an hour they ransacked the mill.
For he has his pictures, ancient and modern.
For he seldom betrayed himself.
For he's too old to be your boy, ma'am.
For heaven's sake, don't you start butting in.
For her own sake, she must carry it off tonight with success.
For himself, he frankly admitted that he did not.
For his hand touched the bandage over her mouth — tentatively.
For in the face of all aridity and disenchantment
For in this house, gentlemen, we have nothing more to do.
For it was at creating just this very impression that she aimed.
For it's quite impossible that I can put my papers away.
For lunch, they had toad-in-the-hole followed by Eton mess
For many minutes the storm raged.
For me it was impossible, whereas for her it was easy.
For more details, please see overleaf
For my research project I want to explore in detail why people get cancer.
For myself, once I got my wind back, I was rather glad than otherwise.
For pity's sake, lay off.
For some inscrutable reason it served Miriam right.
For some not inconsiderable time, I gather, sir.
For somewhere upon the road close to Geneva he met the carriage.
For such countries nothing remained but reorganization.
For that reason Le Beau had chosen him to fight the big fight.
For the convenience of our customers we accept contactless payment.
For the first time in his life he was yearning for a scrap.
For the last time she laced the girl's dress.
For the moment he was off his balance.
For the murder of Marthe.
For the rest, he was a mere automaton.
For the room had very little information to give him.
For the second time that day his professional calm deserted him.
For the twentieth time that evening the two men shook hands.
For they search very carefully.
For twenty minutes I sat there, wondering what I was to do next.
For two hours not a word passed between them.
For what reason did Harry concern himself in this affair?
For while he mingled in many circles, he stood aloof from all.
For you would have forbidden me to use your name.
For your information.
For, as I say, I hated her.
Foraging for scrap metal has become a profitable business for some.
Forests are decreasing due to industrial scale deforestation.
Forget and forgive all round!
Forget my own name next.
Forgive and forget.
Formula one drivers train to be physically healthy to increase their endurance.
Formula one racing is performed by highly skilled drivers.
Fortunately Wednesday is one of his days.
Fortunately it is not far.
Fortunately, our relationship has never needed the intervention of a Marriage Counsellor.
Fortunately, the bleeding has stopped.
Fortunately, the rates of deaths in the United Kingdom have reduced
Fortunately, they were able to extend their lease.
Fortunately, too, there was rain yesterday evening.
Fortunately, we have experienced no downtime this month.
Four Fortune Five Hundred companies are headquartered in this city.
Four pounds if he’s an ounce.
Four weeks passed away, and Jane saw nothing of him.
Frame a wish and gratify it, my daughter.
Francois spoke with a thick accent.
Frank played a pivotal role in turning around the company back to profitability.
Frankie forgave Chris what she owed.
Frankly, Hannay, I don’t believe that part of his story.
Frankly, I was shocked by the unfortunate young prune's appearance.
Free is not in my vocabulary.
Free samples are available at the Welcome Desk.
Free, is not in this shop keepers lexicon.
Fresh cases, still able to walk, they clustered about the spokesman.
Fresh meat they failed to obtain.
Friday is my favourite day of the week, when I go to the pub
From concept to reality, we work hard to deliver your needs.
From conception to inception the plan went seamlessly.
From my earliest recollection my sleep was a period of terror.
From now on we're pals.
From that moment his friendship for Belize turns to hatred and jealousy.
From the beginning of time.
From the first I was sure of that.
From the middle or from the end — what does it matter?
From the outside came the faint clucking of hens in the warm sun.
From the source of light a harsh voice said.
From the time when he was left in the loft-room, he vanished.
From there I looked back, and saw that I was still undiscovered.
From these agreeable reflections he was shaken.
From this data, we can extrapolate what will happen next.
From this or from any hotel in the town?
From what can it proceed?
Fuel prices are leveling out.
Full details are included in the appendices.
Full tide at ten.
Fully a tumblerful, sir.
Fun ways with whipped cream.
Fun with flags.
Fundamentally changing an industry quickly, leaves little time to adapt.
Future generations will interact with the digital world by voice.
Future medical sensors will be implantable.
Gabby and I would like to announce we are getting married!.
Gad, do I remember it.
Gad, your letter came just in time.
Games consoles have contributed to the advancement of graphics card performance.
Gary fell ill and is on sick leave.
Gene analysis can be instrumental in predicting the likelihood of cancer and other diseases.
Genealogy, otherwise known as family history, is an extremely popular hobby
General George will help us out.
General burst of cousinly indignation.
Generally, what kind of man?
Geneva is a good city to hide in.
Gently rock the cradle to put the baby to sleep.
Geoff always got annoyed when people spelt his name Jeff.
Geoffrey Hinton is known as the godfather of artificial intelligence.
George, I am ashamed of you!
George, I couldn't have believed you would have done it!
George, having folded the letter, walks in that direction.
Gertrude he was very ill when the boy was born.
Gertrude he went white to the lips.
Get down and dig in.
Get him to distribute prizes.
Get on your bicycle and go off to the Chief Constable.
Get run over by a steam-roller or something?
Get started as an entrepreneur using backing from family or friends.
Get well soon!
Ginger cake is my favourite.
Girls go potty over a public man.
Give her a break!
Give it a name.
Give me a drink, Bertie.
Give me an example
Give me that coat of yours.
Give me that telegraph form and pencil.
Give me the key of the back door.
Give the word, and I'll sell off every morsel.
Give them their choice between a fine or an official whipping.
Give us a kiss, my pet.
Give yourself a pat on the back, you deserve it.
Glad you're back at last.
Glinda is a good Witch, isn't she? asked the child.
Global tech giants are investing heavily.
Globalization works both ways. Technology has advanced this far because of it.
Globally Microsoft is currently the highest valued company.
Glory be to God on high.
Go all in when you learn something, as opposed to half-heartedly.
Go and live there yourself.
Go and see what he is doing.
Go away, you crazy loon!
Go before me and show me all those dreadful places.
Go forth, Jeeves, and scour the neighbourhood.
Go into my study, and you will see two doors facing you.
Go on to the next!
Go on to the next.
Go on with the next verse.
Go on, Mademoiselle.
Go on, Mr Hannay.
Go on, my friend.
Go on, old girl, go on!
Go placidly amid the noise and the haste
Go the extra mile.
Go to her and make it up.
Go to it, lad. What's that stuff you're eating?
Go to school, young man, or you will face a truancy charge!
God bless 'em, I hope I'll go on seeing them forever.
God bless my soul, ring the bell, then.
God forbid!
God forbid! I hope it doesn't come to that.
God rest ye merry, gentlemen.
Godfather and godson do credit to one another.
Goes out pretty well every day, don't she?
Going from my affluent area to downtown was a complete culture shock.
Going through customs is such a hassle.
Going to make some scrambled egg.
Going to work in a car share is a good way to save money.
Golly, what a family!
Gone to bed, eh?
Good Friday is the Friday before Easter.
Good business man, Curly, O'Brien was saying.
Good data has become a precious commodity.
Good evening ladies and gentlemen of the press.
Good gracious, what's that?
Good gracious, who is the man?
Good heavens, no.
Good heavens, you must be mad, sir!
Good in the essentials of life, that is to be understood.
Good morning, I'd like to book a holiday.
Good nutrient absorption is essential for a healthy body.
Good point! well made.
Good technology is indistinguishable from magic.
Good things come in small packages.
Good things come to those who wait.
Good thinking, thanks!
Goodbye, Pierre, he shouted.
Gooey chocolate fudge.
Gosh, I'm thirsty.
Got any matches?
Got them from the gentleman that was here last year for the shooting.
Government-controlled media is never a reliable source of information.
Governments have a hard job of keeping everyone happy.
Grab your pitchforks!
Gracefully surrendering the things of youth.
Gradually we get older and weaker.
Graduates have high-level skills and high-growth opportunities.
Graham rushed over to H block, sweating profusely.
Grand Central Station is a subway terminal in New York.
Grandfather immediately throws the cushion at her.
Grandfather inquired of Judy, Bart's twin sister.
Grandfather stretches out both hands to embrace him.
Grandfather was slowly rubbing his legs.
Grandma and grandad were always very encouraging.
Grandparents have many anecdotes.
Granny and grandpa loved playing with their grandchildren.
Graphene is a recent break-through material.
Graphics designers are creative and imaginative.
Greaseproof paper is very useful for wrapping sandwiches
Great minds think alike.
Gregson had left the outer door slightly ajar.
Gregson had seated himself under the lamp and was sharpening a pencil.
Gregson held a lighted match until it burnt his fingertips.
Gregson shoved back his chair and rose to his feet.
Gregson was asleep when he re-entered the cabin.
Gridley, a disappointed suitor, has been here today and has been alarming.
Grit had got trapped under the tread of my boots.
Grovel, and the best of them get uppish.
Guacamole with coriander.
Guilty as charged.
Gussie had been complaining of thirst.
Gussie looked up. His eye was dull.
Gussie shot in, and I heard the key turn.
Gussie turned to the bearded bloke.
Gussie was in here, was he?
Gussie's face twisted.
Gussie's reply was to waggle his eyebrows.
Gussie, I was sorry to see, didn't like him.
Gussie, as he joined our little group, seemed upset about something.
Gussie, for example, as we have seen, babbles of syncopated newts.
Habeas corpus is a very ancient principle of the common law
Habits die hard, but they do change.
Had I known what I ought, what I dared to do!
Had his character been known, this could not have happened.
Had it struck squarely it would have killed him.
Had you any other contributions for him?
Had you known him long?
Had you seen her before?
Haddock is one of my least favourite fishes
Hadn't you better say two fifty?
Haiti is still recovering from a natural disaster.
Half a staircase separated second and third.
Half the married men you meet began by talking about the sunset.
Halfway around the track one donkey got into an argument with its rider.
Hanaud clapped him on the shoulder.
Hanaud glanced at him with a look of commiseration.
Hanaud lighted a cigar.
Hanaud listened, but he neither agreed nor denied.
Hanaud reached out for the matches and lit a cigarette.
Hanaud shrugged his shoulders: "How can I say?"
Hanaud stretched out his hand and shook Ricardo's warmly.
Hanaud, for his part, asked for no reply from him.
Hand me a sock or two, will you?
Hang on! Something just occurred to me.
Hannah weighed only five pounds at birth.
Hans hurled himself upon the prostrate man, striking madly with his fists.
Happily the drunken herd provided a diversion.
Happily there were few people about and no one tried to stop me.
Happily, we are seeing a decline in knife crime.
Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance.
Harder than I could have supposed you would be.
Hardly were our plans made public before we were met by powerful opposition.
Hark the Herald Angels sing.
Harrison is still my chauffeur.
Harrods food hall is on the ground floor
Harry Bancroft, Dave lied.
Harry at Ricardo's elbow uttered a stifled cry.
Harry disappeared; and this time he left the door open.
Harry groaned aloud; we have lost him.
Harry had gone upstairs.
Harry had no idea of it himself.
Harry has always been very good at assessing risk
Harry looked up drearily like one who has lost heart.
Harry meanwhile had thrown himself into a chair.
Harry nodded his head in a despairing assent.
Harry returned to the rooms.
Harry sat slowly down.
Harry snatched his hands away from before his face.
Harry sprang up from his chair in desperation.
Harry stood at his elbow.
Harry talked dashed nonsense, did he?
Harry was laughing hysterically, like a man off his head.
Harry was looking carefully after Celia, as a good lover should.
Harry was sitting on the verandah.
Harry's white face twitched.
Harry, however, had made up his mind for good and all.
Harry, however, started to his feet.
Has Jeeves lost his grip?
Has Miss Summerson lost both her parents?
Has Mr. Tulkinghorn any idea of this himself?
Has anybody asked the gay communities their opinion?
Has everybody had something to eat?
Has he been talking about newts?
Has he so little pity or compunction?
Has she been messaging you?
Has she proffered her official advice?
Has the difficulty grown easier because of so many failures?
Has there been any circumstance where you fell ill drinking bad water?
Hasn't she come clustering round you yet?
Hassles can be overcome with some patience and a deep breath.
Haste makes waste.
Hatred and murder and lust for revenge they possessed to overflowing.
Hatta looked round and nodded, and went on with his bread and butter.
Have a good sleep honey.
Have a good trip back.
Have a little compassion on my nerves.
Have many people been kind to the children?
Have no misgivings.
Have patience and all will come right.
Have some lovely moist sponge cake.
Have the builders said when they expect to complete the work?
Have the defendants been indicted yet?
Have these clothes shrunk, or have I gained weight?
Have they got the murderer?
Have to go; phone out of charge.
Have two kids and four bears in bed with me.
Have you and Jeeves had a row?
Have you anything new to communicate, officer?
Have you anything to say to me?
Have you anything to sell?
Have you been having a drink?
Have you been here ever since?
Have you brought a packed lunch? he asked
Have you changed your mind?
Have you come merely to say so?
Have you ever been to Cairo?
Have you ever earned a dollar by your own labour.
Have you ever made a speech, Bertie?
Have you ever seen James Cagney in the movies?
Have you ever thought that?
Have you ever tried a Jam Donut?
Have you ever tried ice skating?
Have you ever tried racing on a Segway?
Have you ever used a dating app?
Have you fed the unicorns today?
Have you got her left hand, Helene?
Have you got what it takes?
Have you had any flirting?
Have you heard of The Road Less Travelled?
Have you heard of it, either of you?
Have you heard of the base rate fallacy?
Have you heard the Brahms symphonies?
Have you heard this limerick?
Have you locked the door, Jeeves?
Have you made any new discoveries?
Have you met Sophia and Ed? said Sue.
Have you money for your lodging?
Have you nearly concluded your argument?
Have you no delicacy, no proper feeling?
Have you nothing to tell me about Angela?
Have you noticed any woman with her and her companion lately?
Have you read Alice in Wonderland?
Have you read the terms and conditions?
Have you saved the logo as a vector file?
Have you seen any pleasant men?
Have you seen her sideways, Bertie?
Have you set up a placeholder for the photograph?
Have you switched it off and on again?
Have you tasted the soup here?
Have you told Katherine about the opportunity?
Have you tried it?
Have you tried rebooting it?
Haven't you read the Highway Code?
Having said this, have you anything else to say, mademoiselle?
Having said thus much, I feel no doubt of your secrecy.
Having thought a bit, he looked up again and resumed.
He accidentally put his driving licence in the dustbin
He accosted me on the street.
He addresses this to the astounded Tony, who admits the soft impeachment.
He adores his dog
He advanced to the bed mysteriously on the tips of his toes.
He advised throwing in the towel.
He after all was quite wrong — not to hold his tongue.
He alone seemed to feel no disappointment at the man's oversight.
He also contended that better confidence was established by carrying no weapons.
He also trashed the house before leaving.
He always commiserated the competitors as a show of good sportsmanship.
He always kept plenty of banknotes in his wallet
He always played the tune.
He always touched his hat when she came out of the house.
He always used his sharpest secateurs for pruning his roses
He appeared anxious to confide in me.
He appeared to enjoy beyond everything the sound of his own voice.
He appreciated what his mate had been doing.
He arranged in his mind the interrogatory which was to take place.
He asked if he could borrow her umbrella for an hour or two
He asked me for the introduction, and I gave it.
He asked the travel agent whether she had a printed holiday brochure
He asked to be excused
He became a bookkeeper, and was then elected as an alderman.
He became adept at his work.
He became fevered again.
He began to feel the danger of paying Elizabeth too much attention.
He began to follow the footprints of the dog.
He begged pardon for having displeased her.
He begins to revive almost as soon as it passes his lips.
He bent his wise brows on the assembly.
He betrayed nothing but surprise.
He bit his tongue, and cursed himself at this fresh break.
He blew across the top of the milk bottle
He boiled himself some coffee and sat down to wait.
He bore an animosity towards the deceased gentleman.
He bore no grudges and had few enemies.
He bought most of his shoes from the shopping centre
He bowed to her with a genuine deference.
He broke out into a paroxysm of coughing.
He brushed it off once more.
He brushed it off.
He buried his face again in his hands and groaned aloud.
He buried his face for a moment in his hands.
He buried his face in his hands.
He burst into a laugh.
He called for the bill and paid it.
He called for the bill.
He called it a helmet, though it certainly looked much more like a saucepan.
He called to the waiter and ordered dinner.
He came back at midday with the Scotsman.
He came back in ten minutes with a long face.
He came back nicely and carried on.
He came back to it early this morning.
He came back to the window.
He came back with news that both puzzled and reassured me.
He came down with a bout of flu.
He came first a year ago, and revealed himself to Jeanne.
He came home drenched in his T-Shirt.
He came in and spoke to the porter.
He came in and stood breathing asthmatically.
He came into the room with an air of importance.
He came on his bicycle.
He came stepping gaily into the room, more elfish than ever.
He came up with multiple strategies.
He can care for himself.
He can't be expected to know much of such a labyrinth.
He can't go too fast for me.
He can't say better than that, Esther, can he?
He cannot be sure.
He cannot get it out of his head.
He carefully took the handle of the door, and turned it.
He carried his money in his bumbag
He carried in his hand a piece of thin, strong whipcord.
He carried it over to the light of the open window.
He carried that cushion back and replaced it.
He caught her as she fell.
He caught himself with a jerk.
He ceased, and, grabbing out, missed me by a hair's breadth.
He certainly was not active in it.
He chafes and goads me!
He changed his seat for a steamer reclining chair.
He chewed his lip.
He chortled in his joy.
He chose to do the latter.
He chuckled as he pulled out his pipe and began filling it.
He claimed he never touched the cookie jar.
He claims that he can understand what his dog is saying
He climbed into the car.
He closely resembled Elvis.
He clutched the thatch.
He compared it with the handwriting upon the card.
He confessed that the sketch had startled him.
He considered the victory already his and stepped forward to the meat.
He continued to believe that twenty-one was a prime number
He cooked up the story overnight.
He coughed up like an officer and a gentleman.
He could feel a new stir in the land.
He could never resist a bad pun.
He could not bear to look at Miriam.
He couldn't blow the skin off a rice pudding.
He couldn't tell me the difference between Scots and Scottish
He couldn’t stop laughing.
He crashed and burned
He creatively crafted an elegant statue of an eagle.
He crept on tiptoe to his side.
He cried in such genuine dismay that she broke into hearty laughter.
He cried, and swung the club wildly.
He cries like the hobgoblin in the story.
He crosses with her and begs.
He cruelly rejected the applicant.
He dashed across the room.
He deluged me, overwhelmed me with argument.
He descended and spent a quarter of an hour with the Commissaire.
He describes it over and over again.
He destroyed everything that had belonged to the woman.
He detained the girl.
He did a fantastic job despite it not being his Forte.
He did a sort of twiddly on the turf with his foot.
He did not believe in the burning of daylight for such a luxury.
He did not know that by rejecting the gift, it had dishonoured the family.
He did not know what went on in the minds of his superiors.
He did not mean to be deterred by the suffering written there.
He did not rush in.
He did not seem to grasp the gist.
He did not stir.
He did not strike it off, either.
He did, but — well, let us talk of some one else.
He didn't run off, or anything.
He didn't seem to have the faintest idea what was going on.
He didn't!
He didn’t begin to know how to talk.
He didn’t delay.
He dined with you once.
He dived into the indoor pool head first, making a messy splash.
He does but shrug his head.
He does his work, eats his food, and sleeps eternally!
He does me more good than anybody.
He does not stand around, twiddling his fingers and stammering.
He does not want abilities.
He doesn't have the greatest track record.
He doesn't notice me, but I notice him.
He drank of the water cautiously.
He dreamt of continuing love
He dressed like a Goth.
He drew a chair near her.
He drew her hands gently down.
He drew himself into an attitude of attention.
He drew in a deep breath as he looked at them.
He drew out his cigarette-case and lighted a cigarette.
He drew out his hand again.
He drives through the village.
He dropped a book.
He dropped his pseudonym and became once more Captain Harland.
He drove a classic Cobra car.
He earned extra money by renting a room in his house to a lodger
He even looked at her with a smile of affected incredulity.
He eventually found his headphones in the larder.
He evidently did not anticipate an immediate decease.
He examined the table, he measured the distance between the chairs.
He exclaimed.
He expressed the opinion that the world was in a deplorable state.
He eyed his companion with a bloodshot eye.
He faintly wipes his forehead with his handkerchief and gasps.
He falters an awkward excuse or two for his failure.
He fancied without the slightest justification that people were pointing him out.
He fathered four children.
He fell asleep, and awoke to find Hanaud by his bed.
He fell heavily and calmly back from before her.
He felt horrible, awful, and ugly wearing his best suit.
He felt insulted that they didn't recognise him.
He felt rather overwrought the next morning.
He felt silly wearing a tie to the informal gathering.
He felt the cold creep along his spine, and shivered.
He fervently replied that indeed indeed they would have been.
He fiendishly rubbed his hands together with an eerie smile.
He flung open the door of the car.
He flushed and made no answer.
He folded up the letter, and rose to his feet.
He forgot Miriam, who was walking beside him talking to him.
He found that the group didn't mix very well.
He found the coach-house door forced and the motorcar inside it.
He frantically ran to the platform before the train left.
He gargled sharply, and jumped back about five feet.
He gasped a bit.
He gave a lengthy explanation.
He gave a lengthy speech, whilst saying absolutely nothing.
He gave an apt speech at the conference.
He gave an uneasy shudder.
He gave her the cold shoulder.
He gave his card to the manager.
He gave it to the manager of the hotel.
He gave me no address, but said he was living near Portland Place.
He gave me something and called it commission.
He gave no reason, but his motive was obvious enough.
He gave one last snarl and slid from view among the trees.
He gave the door handle an apologetic rattle.
He gave the paper into the maid's hands.
He gives sound advice.
He glanced down at her helplessly, and moistened his lips.
He glanced with pity towards Harry.
He glances over his spectacles and begins again lower down.
He got a little further down than he wanted.
He got angry.
He got up slowly, and looked down at me from the hearthrug.
He greeted the young master with his customary suavity.
He grew merry again when he heard of the fate of that ass Jopley.
He had a big chimpanzee that was a winner.
He had a childlike attitude.
He had a chip on his shoulder.
He had a distinct ear piercing and a snake tattoo on his face.
He had a job for life, until he started to question the programme
He had a lot of odd biases, too.
He had a neatly shaped beard.
He had a passion for fortune-tellers and rogues of that kind.
He had a phlegmatic composure.
He had a positive attitude towards life.
He had a recurrence of his influenza.
He had a short winning streak.
He had a tough time growing up but wasn't jaded by his experiences.
He had a very stylishly landscaped back garden
He had a zeitgeist moment at the office.
He had after all not overlooked the tambourine.
He had already received his telegram.
He had an arterial blockage.
He had an epiphany on the train.
He had an unkempt beard but spoke eloquently.
He had appeared as silently, as suddenly, as any apparition.
He had at last contributed something to the history of this crime.
He had barely entered this when he saw the glow of a fire.
He had become a man very early in life.
He had been born with this endowment.
He had been foiled in his attempt to escape.
He had been guilty of a clumsiness — even he.
He had been so easy.
He had been to see us several times altogether.
He had been too easy and ready, almost as if he had expected me.
He had boils.
He had calf pain while walking.
He had come to a full stop
He had comparatively no advantages at first.
He had conservative views but tried hard to understand other perspectives.
He had curbed enthusiasm.
He had even begun to haunt the court.
He had forgotten to build a fire and thaw out.
He had fulfilled his duty and paid properly.
He had given a signal to Adele.
He had hoped to pay the sum back from a new invention.
He had indeed been thinking about it a good deal.
He had jerked the cord, but he had jerked it deliberately.
He had just arrived, and was wearily flinging down his hammer.
He had no excuse for the feelings which were aroused in him.
He had no idea what inter alia meant.
He had no other calling?
He had no scruple, no pity any longer for the girl.
He had not found himself more favoured by fortune there than here.
He had not seen her plight.
He had observed the business life of Hawaii and developed a vaulting ambition.
He had peeled off his shirt and was wildly waving it.
He had picked up most of his collection second-hand, at car boot sales
He had proved it today, with his amateurish and sophomoric productions.
He had really some touch of genius, and he cultivated it assiduously.
He had repaired an omission.
He had said that he had eyes like a hawk.
He had spent a perfect afternoon with his mother.
He had started confident.
He had supplied knowledge to the omniscient.
He had the news then that Marthe was on her way.
He had to fly economy class, as he wasn't able to afford business class
He had to warm himself by the electric fire
He had too busy a time of it.
He had tried his luck at the tables and had failed.
He had typed the letter thoughtfully.
He had uncovered a small, flat, rectangular tablet.
He had undoubtedly become embarrassingly personal.
He had used her, Celia, as an instrument for his crime.
He had worshiped her, as Dante might have worshiped Beatrice.
He hadn't the least.
He handed it to me at once and quite naturally.
He has a large collection of classical concert programmes
He has a licence to shoot pheasants with his twelve-bore
He has a mountain to climb
He has a strong forehead.
He has always something to say to everybody.
He has an aspiration of being amongst the first colony of people on Mars.
He has been at it all day.
He has been doing so ever since it fell dark.
He has been here since yesterday.
He has been so short a time with you.
He has cholesterol buildup to his coronary artery.
He has coronary heart disease.
He has early onset fatigue.
He has got a power over me.
He has hypertension.
He has left no trace.
He has lost his grip completely.
He has much to tell you, but not today.
He has never missed a day before.
He has no idea of the value of money.
He has no risk factors.
He has none, and no anger.
He has not an ill-natured look.
He has often boasted to me of his triumphs on the wheel.
He has only just come home.
He has openly mentioned it in many places.
He has pulmonary fibrosis.
He has the confidence of the very bricks and mortar.
He has the stuff in gobs, but he hates giving up.
He has time before him, and the race to run.
He has to run to earth now before he is seen.
He hasn't forgotten the appointment, I hope?
He hasn't got a father.
He hasn't had a square meal for years.
He heard a sound which brought him quickly into consciousness of day.
He heard, too, a warning "Hush!"
He held the door open while she got into the cab.
He helped his mother to get the tea ready.
He hesitated for a moment as he glanced over what was written.
He hid all manner of things away, everywhere.
He hid behind the curtain, looking out.
He hoped that she wouldn't refuse his proposal
He hurried to the driver's seat.
He imagined a jury uttering the word "Guilty."
He immediately offered to fetch her others — all that his library afforded.
He inspected the photograph for a moment with growing gloom.
He is a candidate, rising from the serf class to our class.
He is a capable and credible researcher.
He is a child, you know!
He is a climate change sceptic. Good grief!
He is a cousin, several times removed.
He is a man of attainments and of captivating manners.
He is a master of illusion.
He is a very eccentric person.
He is a very good speaker.
He is a wonderful, brilliant and funny comedian.
He is a young man of perhaps thirty, with smooth, black hair.
He is always vigilant and always near me.
He is an Expatriate.
He is an arbiter.
He is an arbitrator.
He is an expert cyclist.
He is an expert on this topic.
He is an honourable, obstinate, truthful, high-spirited, intensely prejudiced, perfectly unreasonable man.
He is an international superstar.
He is called among the neighbours the Lord Chancellor.
He is considered, in the profession, a respectable man?
He is driving it in broad daylight.
He is fairly frail nowadays, and has to walk with a walking frame
He is gone.
He is hiding at my place.
He is his own master.
He is indifferent to everything but his calling.
He is like his sister.
He is luxuriating in a misplaced confidence.
He is mad as some March hatters.
He is not a candidate.
He is not all right otherwise?
He is not at all liked in Hertfordshire.
He is not proposing to run again, is he?
He is not to blame.
He is not very well tonight.
He is on his holiday.
He is quite clear that he had better not.
He is reserved and serious, which is a further mark of respectability.
He is so excessively handsome!
He is still asleep, and nothing is astir.
He is such a cheery fellow.
He is the Duke of Edinburgh.
He is the German business man that gives your English papers the shakes.
He is the cleverest of the French detectives.
He is the man that has wrecked all their games.
He is the strongest candidate.
He is too keenly intelligent, too sharply sensitive, successfully to endure.
He is very like his sister.
He is very likely at Marseille by now.
He it was that lived to found the family of the Patino.
He joked in a puerile manner.
He jumped a bit at the sight of me.
He jumped in his chair.
He jumped over the crash barrier, and escaped across the fields
He just calmly waited for me to come back.
He just loves being the center of attention.
He just seems to be spouting hot air.
He keeps a manservant, does he?
He keeps me on a constant see-saw.
He keeps some clothes here, for he comes regular on the week-ends.
He keeps very close to him.
He kept and wanted to keep a foot in each.
He kissed his mother good-night.
He knelt on the ground beside the doctor.
He knew it now.
He knew it was merely Miriam she objected to.
He knew my name, but he had never seen me before.
He knew the woman-criminal of his country — brutal, passionate, treacherous.
He knew what taboos he was violating.
He knows that the murder is discovered.
He knows that very well.
He knows where his bread is buttered.
He laid his hand on his shoulder.
He laughed amusedly.
He laughed at things like dyed hair and false beards and such childish follies.
He laughed heartily and answered, "No."
He laughed heartily, sir.
He laughed heartily.
He laughed hollowly.
He laughed immoderately at his joke.
He lay in bed from dawn to dusk.
He leaned his elbows on the table and bent forward.
He leaned on his axe and thought a moment.
He leant back with an extraordinary look of perplexity upon his face.
He leaped like a lamb in springtime.
He leapt again, and the club caught him once more.
He leapt in the air when he heard the news.
He left Ricardo profoundly disturbed.
He left a bundle of old letters.
He left it dead, and with its head he went galumphing back.
He left only a few moments ago.
He lifted a trembling forefinger and pointed.
He lifted a warning finger and said gravely, "Be very careful."
He lifted his eyes, and a strange cry burst from his lips.
He lifted his finger to his lips.
He lit a cigarette and took his time.
He little knew, about summed up what I was thinking.
He lived a life of celibacy.
He lived for it, married it, died of it.
He lived in the city.
He lives up the hill, at eight Grange Park
He locked up the slips of paper in his letter case.
He looked at Ricardo in amazement at his audacity.
He looked at Ricardo's crestfallen face and smiled.
He looked at his watch and rose to his feet.
He looked at his watch, "it is past ten o'clock".
He looked at it carefully for a few moments.
He looked at me with a fishy eye and yawned.
He looked at the handkerchief more closely
He looked at the handkerchief more, closely.
He looked at the marks thoughtfully.
He looked at the young man pityingly.
He looked closely and discovered the forger had changed a V to a W.
He looked for a long time at the destroyer.
He looked into the eyes of his companions.
He looked like a tramp that had bought his jumper at a jumble sale
He looked like one who had passed through an uncomfortable hour or two.
He looked once more about the room.
He looked presentable at the interview but struggled to convey his words.
He looked resplendent in his dinner jacket
He looked robust in body.
He looked round the room and shook his head.
He looked upon himself from the outside.
He loved his comfortable old slippers.
He loved to play Chinese lottery.
He loved to ruffle a few feathers.
He loved, but pleaded another's cause.
He loves Angela, I tell you.
He loves classic cars, and keeps several Mercedes in his garage
He made a damaging effect, and has great influence.
He made a divisive move and lost friends in the process.
He made a pause to suppress a groan.
He made a weary gesture.
He made his fortune in the petroleum business.
He made me an offer I couldn't well refuse.
He made no reply as he waited for Whittemore to continue.
He made quite a sister of me.
He made sure that the magazine was loaded, and resumed his paddling.
He marvelled at his mother’s hardness.
He may anticipate the day of his death.
He may be at Marseille today.
He may desire to escape pain, or to enjoy pleasure.
He may have lost, but he will always be the people's champ.
He means nothing by it and thinks nothing of it.
He measured the table with his troubled hands.
He merely shrugged his shoulders.
He might hit their mother again.
He might overlook her, perhaps!
He miraculously walked away from the crashed vehicle.
He moved away as quietly as he had come.
He moved his plate, too, over the letter as he wrote it.
He moved his position, and the illusion was gone.
He mumbled obliviously as the battle raged around him.
He must either be up or out.
He must endure gibes and humiliations like a schoolboy in a class.
He must simply let it ride.
He nearly got me on the top landing.
He never converses when not professionally consulted.
He never has what you would call a regular breakfast.
He never managed to get the hang of drawing hands.
He never mentioned that you were lovers.
He never spelt it out.
He never takes any pleasure, which is another mark of respectability.
He nodded his head sullenly.
He nodded his head, and going into the room took them away.
He nodded sympathetically to Miriam, and became gently sarcastic to Beatrice.
He nodded sympathetically, and beckoned Ricardo past the window.
He nodded to her with a friendly smile.
He nods intelligence, and acquiescence.
He obeyed the pressure of her hand.
He objected to their being worn.
He only does them when he’s happy.
He only shook his head.
He opened his eyes a little.
He opened the door and turned back to the nurse.
He opened the door immediately.
He opened the door wider, and now he saw.
He ordered a tennis racket and a squash racket from Amazon.
He ought to consider it included in the rent.
He ought to make inquiries.
He ought to quit worrying about it.
He owed money in town, money at his hotel.
He owed us immense sums all round.
He passed out of the room.
He passed the exam on the second attempt
He passes close by them, seeing nothing but the ground.
He patted my shoulder and hurried me into his car.
He paused a little, biting his lip.
He paused, and beamed rather freely, to show that this was comedy.
He pauses, but she makes no reply.
He performed ablution before prayers.
He photographed her in a very flattering light.
He placed his paw on one, and its movements were accelerated.
He plainly wavered.
He plodded on for half an hour, when the hallucination arose again.
He pointed out the flaw in his brother’s argument.
He pointed solemnly to the ground.
He pointed to a messenger who was walking towards them.
He polishes my shoes for me every week.
He preferred polo necks rather than V-neck jumpers
He prefers to hold his trousers up with braces rather than a belt
He produced a brown kid glove from his pocket.
He produced the key and unlocked the door.
He protested earnestly, fearing lest the maid should become an enemy.
He published a scathing critique of the whole genre.
He pulled a sickie.
He pulled it off and showed 'em me.
He pulled out in front of a car and narrowly avoided it.
He pulled, and the log crashed down to break his back.
He put his arm through hers.
He put the question with his most serious air.
He put the scones on the hotplate, and the cake in the oven
He puts on full speed and goes straight out of the town.
He quivered like a mousse.
He quivered noticeably, and his mouth twisted.
He raced up the steep incline.
He raised a warning hand.
He raised his eyebrows.
He raised his hand.
He raised one of his.
He ran down the garden steps to the gate.
He ran home and came running back again.
He ran up the steps into the hotel.
He read aloud the number of steps in the different stairs.
He read his fragments aloud.
He read it through slowly.
He really is a bit of an anorak
He received us very affectionately, and we sat down.
He receives personally his reward, and he delivers personally his intelligence.
He reflected a minute or two.
He regretted not having made himself clearer.
He relinquished the bank rather than play against that note.
He remained single as a lifestyle choice.
He remains in his chambers, clouded and depressed.
He remembered some words spoken by a stranger.
He repeated the question, with some surprise at her silence.
He replaced his measure in his pocket.
He replaced the sheet and gazed about the room.
He replied, and was again silent.
He responded with apathy.
He resumed them immediately after your departure.
He retires to his former place.
He returned in five minutes with a whitish face.
He returned to his companions.
He returned to the verandah wondering what he should do.
He returned with a canvas bag, into which Hanaud placed the jewel-cases.
He richly deserved his reputation.
He rose and held out his hands.
He rose from his bed.
He rose up and looked wildly at Celia.
He rose with a gesture of resignation.
He rubbed his head and walked about with good-humoured vexation.
He runs up to verify his telegram.
He said something about my schemes which I did not catch.
He said that was very doubtful.
He said, yes, he was here.
He sat at the table.
He sat by the corpse all night, weeping in bitter earnest.
He sat down at the table.
He sat down in the chair which he had placed for himself.
He sat there consuming all the knowledge of the library every week.
He sat up all night, without sleep, trying to write and study
He sat up with a jerk.
He sat with unease as the deadline approached.
He saw Jeanne falter for a moment.
He saw a brightly lit bedroom with a made bed.
He saw all men in the business game doing this.
He saw her before she recovered consciousness.
He saw her now clearly, and thought her of an entrancing loveliness.
He saw me and stopped short.
He saw only the effect in a general, sketchy way.
He says he bought him of Jacques Le Beau.
He scarcely seemed to be the prisoner.
He scored a phenomenal goal.
He scored a treble.
He seemed impressed by my eloquence.
He seemed interested.
He seemed quite delighted with it on my account.
He seemed somewhat taken aback.
He seemed stunned.
He seemed to dismiss the admission from his mind.
He seemed to fill it with his tremendous vitality.
He seemed to have taken an immediate fancy to the lad.
He seems half inclined for another voyage.
He seems pretty adaptable
He seems to be putting her on a pedestal.
He seems to have an unshakeable faith in his abilities.
He seized Gregson by the arm and led him to the door.
He seldom appeared really animated.
He served in the military for fourteen years.
He set up a trust fund for his only child.
He shaded his eyes with his hand.
He shall set about it tomorrow.
He shifted and shuffled in his chair.
He shivered like a man who has taken a sudden chill.
He shivered with excitement.
He shook his finger at his companions.
He shook his head gently.
He shook his head mournfully.
He should have bowed, not saluted
He should have kept silence about that pot of cream.
He shouted this so loud that Alice couldn’t help saying, ‘Hush!’
He showed laboured breathing.
He shuffled close to embrace his long lost child.
He sits there to administer the system.
He sleeps over the garage.
He slightly waved his hand and fell into his usual manner.
He slipped around the corner for a fag.
He smiled and shook his head.
He smiled rather wistfully at his friend.
He smokes gravely and marches in slow time.
He snatched his hands from his face and stood up.
He soon afterwards appeared and made us merry for an hour.
He sounds a sinister wild-fowl!
He spat it out like so much venom.
He speaks with an appearance of the utmost simplicity and candour.
He spoke a good deal about death, too.
He spoke computer jargon.
He spoke in a low, menacing voice.
He spoke in a voice which shook — surely with emotion.
He spoke now with a genuine friendliness.
He spoke of apprehension and anxiety, but his countenance expressed real security.
He spoke regretfully and lapsed for a moment into his weary condition.
He spoke slowly, coldly.
He spoke very quietly.
He spoke with a tone of respect.
He sprang up from his chair.
He stammered a little, like a man picking his words.
He stammered and finally said, "is it really you?".
He stared at Hanaud as though he were mad.
He stared at him for a second, then smiled.
He stared at his companion for a few moments.
He stared at the window, with his mouth open.
He stares at it, aghast.
He started violently.
He stayed by the girl's side throughout the evening.
He stayed with them.
He stepped forward with a cry of revolt.
He stepped gently to the bedside and reverently uncovered the face.
He stepped out on to it, looked about him, and returned.
He stirred the Christmas pudding thoroughly.
He stood and frowned at the motor-car.
He stood aside, his face crimson, his attitude one of shame.
He stood brooding for a moment.
He stood in front of her, looking into her eyes.
He stood looking downwards, craning his head, with his back towards Ricardo.
He stood on the edge of the platform, looking out over the railway lines.
He stood stolidly and watched.
He stooped to examine the second set of marks.
He stooped to pick it up.
He stopped of his own accord and spoke to her.
He stopped sidling.
He stopped, and Philip nodded at the horrified question in his eyes.
He stops there, looks round, and beckons Jo.
He strolled round to the tennis lawn and was welcomed riotously by the players.
He studies her at his leisure, not speaking for a time.
He studies too much for words of four syllables.
He stuffed his sleeping bag into his rucksack, and headed along the canal towpath
He submitted his thesis last Wednesday.
He suffers from cystic fibrosis.
He supposedly was working that day.
He swallowed to moisten his throat.
He takes up the light.
He talked to Miriam for a little while.
He tapped me significantly on the knee and spoke: "Bertie."
He tells it as he does it in mere simplicity.
He then begins to clear away the breakfast.
He then rang a little bell, and the young gentleman came in.
He then sat down by her, and talked scarcely to anyone else.
He then stirred the fire and left me.
He thought he saw a shudder pass through the Factor's shoulders.
He thought, quite rightly, that platypuses were mammals.
He thrust his hands in his pockets.
He told himself that as he washed himself and groomed his disheveled clothes.
He told you himself, I'll be bound, my dear?
He took a fourth bank, and rose from that, too, a loser.
He took a key from his pocket.
He took a pencil from his pocket.
He took a singularly swift step forward and stopped her.
He took a step forward.
He took his daily dose of vitamins.
He took it dully.
He took it up and spoke to the nurse.
He took little notice of it at all.
He took no notice of Miriam.
He took no notice of the interruption.
He took out his letter-case and found the telegram within it.
He took some stunning pics while we were on vacation.
He took the cushions, looked them over and shook them out.
He took the list and glanced through the items.
He took up a Continental Bradshaw from a bookshelf in the room.
He took up a second slip of paper.
He took up a sheet of paper from the table.
He tore open the envelope and sprang up from his seat.
He tore up the tickets.
He touched him on the arm and pointed to the table.
He translated the whole text into Welsh.
He travelled first by tram, then by bus
He tried to avoid the cracks when walking along the pavement
He tried to help with the ravages caused by flooding.
He tried to persuade her with a rather artificial argument
He turned a guarded face towards his friend.
He turned and sprang like lightning up the stairs.
He turned and walked back with his eyes upon the ground.
He turned in his chair towards Harry.
He turned over the pages.
He turned sharply, and faced Gregson across the table.
He turned the map to Gregson, pointing with his finger.
He turned to him with a savage grin.
He turned to his associates with his finger to his lips.
He turned to one of the officers.
He turned to the end of the letter.
He turned to the man.
He turned towards the Commissaire.
He turned towards the door.
He turned upon his heel.
He turned with a grave face to Harry.
He turned, and taking her hand into his, shook it chidingly.
He twirled his cap awkwardly and blushed.
He understands them and they understand him.
He understood my feeling and entirely shared it.
He understood the meaning of the look.
He underwent rigorous background checks before working at the company.
He unfolded a long typewritten letter, and handed it to Gregson.
He unlocked the door and went out himself on to the landing.
He unstrapped her hands and feet.
He very much enjoys being a lorry driver
He waded into the edge of the water and began scrubbing himself.
He waited for hours at the station, but the train did not arrive.
He waits to walk home with him.
He walked here, and he walked there, fancying himself so very great!
He wanted to give the finish to this foe already so far gone.
He wants to be a space explorer, good luck to him!.
He was a head shorter than his companion, of almost delicate physique.
He was a merry monarch, especially so for an Asiatic.
He was a pariah; a wanderer without a friend or a home.
He was a prominent politician.
He was a schoolmaster in his younger days.
He was a tall, heavy-looking young man.
He was a true friend in need, that old roadman.
He was a very respectable man.
He was a very versatile entertainer
He was a well-known racing cyclist.
He was a wise hyena.
He was accused of plagiarism.
He was actually rather afraid
He was agitated that evening, the woman saw.
He was alarmed by the look upon his friend's face.
He was allowed to enter, with Ricardo at his heels.
He was among the few that was passionate about the environment.
He was an ambitious young man.
He was an amiable bull, determined to make every colour scarlet.
He was an amphibian and a mountaineer.
He was an athlete and a giant.
He was an enthusiast and a desert dweller.
He was an over-worked and underpaid Engineer, it was time for something new.
He was arrogant and condescending toward his staff.
He was astonished, pleased and impressed.
He was awarded a first-class degree from the University of Cambridge
He was born in the same scrape.
He was cold and distant.
He was coming to her hand.
He was completely unapologetic.
He was contented, you will say.
He was convicted of illegal harassment.
He was convicted of presumption.
He was depressed, and was always feeling fed up.
He was determined now to maintain a more certain hold upon himself.
He was drawn to a debtors' prison.
He was driving under the influence.
He was eccentric —  he was very eccentric.
He was ever the same to me.
He was fairly twittering with excitement.
He was fond of quoting a fragment from a certain poem.
He was frowning thoughtfully.
He was full of joy and attention.
He was gobsmacked to be awarded the first prize.
He was half crank, half genius, but he was wholly honest.
He was holding a a minuscule antique copper coin.
He was holding in his hand the large, bright aluminium flask.
He was indicating left, but he turned in the opposite direction.
He was insanely driving through the narrow roads.
He was just bursting with joy, joy over what.
He was known for having a good work ethic.
He was looking about him, opening a drawer here, a wardrobe there.
He was loving it!
He was manifestly distressed by my coming.
He was mortified to be bested by a little girl.
He was my godfather, and excessively attached to me.
He was my true son.
He was no more than one of the instruments.
He was not allowed, however, to reflect upon these remarkable problems.
He was not at the villa last night.
He was not displeased with his companion's enthusiasm.
He was not fond of us.
He was not the first to seek her good graces.
He was now clasping his hands together in admiration.
He was obviously pleased with his admiration.
He was only sauntering by and stopped to chat.
He was overjoyed to see us and dismounted with great alacrity.
He was pressing beyond the limits of his vocabulary.
He was referred to the hospital.
He was remanded in custody for drink driving.
He was sacked for poor attendance.
He was searching for a telegram in answer to your advertisement.
He was seven years older than I.
He was sheer brain, icy, cool, calculating, as ruthless as a steam hammer.
He was shot last night.
He was sitting erect in her chair, violent, almost rancorous with anger.
He was sitting on the fence, as usual.
He was smoking a long clay pipe and studying the water with spectacled eyes.
He was smooth-shaven, and his hair and eyes were black.
He was so very sorry for me that he could scarcely speak.
He was speaking in a quick, agitated voice.
He was speaking very bravely.
He was standing with his round eyes staring and his mouth agape.
He was still thinking of her when the morning came.
He was storing his memory with anecdotes and noble names.
He was stout and broad-shouldered, with a full and almost heavy face.
He was studying the history of the trade union movement
He was sure, now, of but few things.
He was surprised; but it was natural, wasn't it?
He was the associate of them both.
He was the founder of a now-defunct journal.
He was the leader, and Tudor was his lieutenant.
He was the man of action among fumblers.
He was the master of the situation.
He was the national featherweight champion of ninety-six.
He was the only breadwinner of the family.
He was the soul of devotion to his employers.
He was to be away a long, long time.
He was to be construed in the comparative.
He was to conduct it.
He was to place the key on the kitchen window-sill.
He was tossed amongst dark problems.
He was trying his hardest, but kept forgetting things.
He was unable to explain why he had been drinking and driving
He was unfairly classified as an economic migrant.
He was unreasonable and unpersuadable and used intemperate language.
He was waiting uneasily, uncomfortably, until darkness should come.
He was wearing a dressing gown over his pyjamas
He was wearing gloves, she noticed with horror, just as thieves do.
He was wearing that informative look of his.
He was with them in the afternoon.
He was working every day from Monday to Friday
He was worth nothing to the world.
He was wounded in the arm.
He wasn't able to appreciate the picture’s value.
He wasn't singing.
He watched her as she went.
He watched me with a smile.
He wears a moustache, a little black moustache, and is altogether captivating.
He weighed out the sausages carefully on the scale.
He went anyway, despite my warning.
He went down in midstream, searching the shadows of both shores.
He went down the stairs with pride written upon his face.
He went over to the writing-table and opened the blotting-book.
He went to the tobacconists to buy a packet of cigarettes
He went to your rooms.
He went with them to a cafe in the evening.
He whispered in a voice of awe.
He will be glad to know!
He will be in London at five.
He will be no worse off than he was, you know.
He will be worn out soon, I expect.
He will follow us soon.
He will have his bond, my dear friend.
He will have the house watched.
He will look after you.
He will strike a match to light his pipe.
He wiped an imaginary tear from his eye.
He wished it were, but no such thing could be.
He woke to a bright, pale dawn.
He won't have a hope of declining.
He won't hold off, and he won't come on.
He wondered, too, where Roscoe was.
He won’t stand beating.
He wore a fez.
He wore a ring on his index finger.
He wore rather long trousers, with turn-ups
He works at the local magistrate’s court.
He would be gentle, he would be cunning.
He would destroy all things that are fixed.
He would first hunt up Gregson and begin his work there.
He would have placed his head in the guillotine for nothing.
He would jerk the cord unwittingly.
He would keep his faith with Gregson for the promised day or two.
He would never accept of help from me now.
He would never admit it, but he did spill the wine.
He would never forgive her.
He would not frighten her.
He would stay at home, which was what they wanted.
He wrote a letter between the courses.
He wrote last week to hurry my return.
He wrung Ricardo's hand.
He'll have drunk himself blind by that time.
He'll knock you off a few sticks in no time.
He'll never do a tap of work the whole Voyage.
He's a habitual latecomer, but he always does his hours.
He's always in the same scrape.
He's as tight as an owl.
He's been living it up for too long.
He's going through the terrible two's!.
He's in critical condition.
He's married, you know.
He's not really entering into the spirit of things.
He's not safe, you know.
He's still in bed.
He's such a lovable character.
He's terribly touchy about his black wards, as he calls them.
He, on the other hand, was particularly alert.
He, too, shrinks from them.
Head west toward New York.
Healthcare in the United Kingdom is provided by the National Health Service
Healthy competition is a catalyst for growth and improvement.
Hear the Indian dogs wailing down at Churchill.
Hearing aids have a feature to amplify audio to the listener.
Heart disease can be prevented with a good diet and health guidance.
Hearthrug, near the fender.
Heave a couple of sighs.
Heaven bless her and her husband!
Heaven knows what I should do next.
Heavy snowfalls that winter made the roads impassable by late February
Helen and Frances are in charge of the flower rota
Helen, can you please stop winding your sister up?
Helene drank it eagerly.
Helene is sure to understand that simple and elementary word.
Helene kept a grave and respectful face.
Helene leaned back with an air of disappointment.
Helene let her fall.
Helene replied again contemptuously.
Helene set the flask down upon the table.
Helene shuddered and covered her face spasmodically with her hands.
Helene spoke the truth.
Helene unscrewed the top and laughed pleasantly.
Helene walked calmly on.
Helene was extraordinarily slow and extraordinarily fastidious that evening.
Helene was in the plot, too.
Helene was taken by surprise.
Helene was the well-bred servant who knew her place.
Helene whispered in Celia's ear.
Helene whispered sharply.
Helene, it is not true that I am playing with her.
Helene, you are by the switch of the electric light.
Hell, that's what I want too.
Hello hello. Why is this thing not working?
Hello, I am here for my appointment booked at four o'clock.
Help! All the automated tests are failing!
Help! It's the beast from the deep.
Hence his admiration and his emulation of that shining enchanter.
Henry dived headfirst into the stream.
Her affections had continually been fluctuating but never without an object.
Her ankles were free.
Her answer was warmly in his favour.
Her aunt asked her, smilingly, how she liked it.
Her aunt now called her to look at a picture.
Her autobiography received international recognition.
Her avarice had got the better of her hatred.
Her beautiful hair was done up in shining coils.
Her behaviour to my dear Charlotte is charming.
Her birthday is shortly after Christmas, at the beginning of January
Her body lay under the windows at the side?
Her breasts swung slightly in her blouse.
Her bright quick eye catches the truth immediately.
Her brother, my dear friend —  her only relation.
Her colour changed, and she said no more.
Her concept album didn't work out that well.
Her confession of it corroborated all her story.
Her curiosity, however, was unexpectedly relieved.
Her cutting was simplicity itself.
Her daughter's hospital tests were negative.
Her debut album was quite stunning.
Her dress was not suited to a seance.
Her elbows were drawn firmly back and tightly bound.
Her eyes fell upon the sack and widened with terror.
Her eyes saw no one.
Her eyes shining and her little hands clasped in girlish excitement.
Her eyes smiled truth at him as he came up the bank.
Her face clouded over.
Her face grew white, her lips dry.
Her face was against his breast.
Her face was flushed and shiny, her manner peremptory and quick.
Her face was pitiful and beseeching.
Her feelings as she read were scarcely to be defined.
Her figure begins to be expressive of some attention.
Her figure is elegant and has the effect of being tall.
Her fringe was so long that her hair got into her eyes
Her gratitude to you, Mr. Woodcourt, is delightful.
Her gray eyes were flashing, and her lips were quivering.
Her grin had betrayed her.
Her hair has a central parting
Her hair matches her outfit.
Her hand still lay clasped in his.
Her hazel eyes sparkled.
Her heart did whisper that he had done it for her.
Her inquiries after her sister were not very favourably answered.
Her jewelery shimmered.
Her ladyship's carriage is regularly ordered for us.
Her last little remnant of liberty was being taken from her.
Her lips ready for the kiss!
Her liveliness had never been worse timed.
Her lover was in her thoughts.
Her mileometer told her that she had only travelled ten miles
Her mind was less difficult to develop.
Her mistress kisses her on the cheek and makes no other answer.
Her mobile phone stopped working.
Her mother died when she was a child.
Her mother made money by working day and night for over a year
Her mother only scolded her for being nonsensical.
Her mother would talk of her views in the same intelligible tone.
Her mouth opened, but instead of speaking she drew a long sigh.
Her mouth, however, and her feet were free.
Her move, but they utter nothing.
Her next appointment is in May.
Her own betrayal of herself was like tonic to Philip.
Her own thoughts were employing her.
Her paw went into your eye?
Her polo neck jumper is very stylish
Her presentation was fantastic!
Her purse was of leather, with a diamante clasp.
Her reflections were in general satisfactory.
Her report was highly favourable.
Her room was clean, but very, very bare.
Her sisters were uneasy for her, but her mother was delighted.
Her spirit was broken by the horrors of the night's adventure.
Her spirit was broken.
Her story was not all untrue.
Her suspicions, she was sure, were still awake.
Her thin lips were kept contemptuously closed, whatever the others might admit.
Her unexpected award was really the icing on the cake
Her usually cheerful map was clouded, and the genial smile missing.
Her voice, when she spoke, was whispery: "You mean — for love?"
Her waters broke so she was taken to the maternity assessment ward.
Her white face flushed scarlet and grew white again.
Her words sent a strange chill through Philip.
Her work was already half done.
Her writing betrays her warped sense of priorities.
Here Alice ventured to interrupt him.
Here I am, you see!
Here comes Liz, back again!
Here comes the cavalry.
Here consequently was an inexhaustible subject of discourse.
Here he comes now, so you can see for yourself.
Here he got a fresh thrill.
Here is an idea!
Here is an inkstand, here are pens and paper.
Here is my friend's excellent house.
Here the Red Queen began again.
Here the explosion of mirth drowned him out.
Here the other guinea-pig cheered, and was suppressed.
Here the steps were carpeted, and once more the men crept up.
Here there was every sign of violence and disorder.
Here was a sordid crime, easily understood.
Here we allow our solicitors to look after our legal work.
Here you are, yes — for the moment.
Here's an instance of how you have to think of everything.
Here's one I made earlier!.
Here's that horrible cat coming in!
Here, Richard, take my child, for goodness' sake.
Here, at any rate, I could get early news of my enemies.
Here, in the midmorning, the first casualty occurred.
Here, let me show you again.
Here, you fellows, hold him!
Hesitating causes delay.
Heuristically buns are usually sold in packs of six.
Hey! Did you see that?
Hey! This mashed potato is all grey and lumpy!
He’s an Anglo-Saxon Messenger—and those are Anglo-Saxon attitudes.
He’s just been a week at the job.
He’s my godfather, and one of the best going.
He’s throwing his toys out the pram again
High tide there was at ten on the ninth of June.
Higher levels of abstraction empower people with less knowledge of an underlying system.
Higher up in the atmosphere, the molecules in the air are thinner.
His "acquaintances" have been mentioned, and the word is suitable.
His Schadenfreude toward our failures was obvious.
His abnormal power of vision made abstractions take on concrete form.
His acting is flawless.
His agility amazed Ricardo.
His air was grave and stately, and his manners were very formal.
His attitude is defeatist.
His attitude perplexed me.
His attitude struck me as defeatist.
His bark is worse than his bite.
His beady black eyes saw bargains where other men saw bankruptcy.
His blood grew hot with rage at the thought.
His brain whirled.
His bright dark eyes glanced at me for the first time.
His bruise looked nasty, and was swelling rapidly.
His cagoule kept him perfectly dry even though it was pouring with rain
His central heating had stopped working
His character was decided.
His chin dropped as he stared at me.
His clothes are really outrageous. He's a one-off
His clutching hand fell to his side.
His digestion is impaired, which is highly respectable.
His doing so drew her notice.
His dressing-room is on my Lady's side.
His explanation was quite unsatisfactory.
His eye was clear, his hand steady.
His eyes never took themselves for an instant from his companion's face.
His eyes were bright, his whole face vivid with life.
His eyes were smouldering with a dull fire.
His eyes were softened now by a look of pity.
His face became troubled.
His face carried an expression of surprise or concern.
His face cleared.
His face clouded over.
His face grew thoughtful.
His face had grown friendly.
His face quite altered as he looked at me.
His face rose completely over the sill.
His face seemed to narrow to a greater sharpness.
His face was drawn and grey and his eyes blazed.
His face was streaming with blood.
His face was very clean, and he had carefully combed his hair
His face, his voice, his manner, all showed that too plainly.
His family is as old as the hills, and infinitely more respectable.
His favourite film was Groundhog Day
His fresh rosiness of yesterday seemed tarnished.
His freshly caught furs he flung to the floor.
His grandfather is likewise of the party.
His gravity becomes yet more profound.
His gravity has now attained its profoundest point.
His grief was pitiable.
His hand shakes, he is nervous, and it falls off.
His hand shot out and clutched Crooked-Leg by the neck.
His hands shook, his face twitched.
His head was quite bulging out at the top with brains.
His health took a turn for the worse and he appeared emaciated.
His horse is moving at a walk.
His ideas were credible.
His immaculate appearance was gone.
His indifference to struggling colleagues was not well received.
His indignation was rapidly evaporating.
His infernal chattering worries me even now as I think of it.
His intense emotion made him stammer and fumble while speaking.
His intuition, however, had led him astray.
His jaw stuck out like the back of Jeeves's head.
His journey is too important for the ordinary boat-train.
His kind had put the bullet in the man.
His knife, I made certain, had skewered Scudder to the floor.
His love of nature made it a foregone conclusion that he would study biology
His manner had altogether changed.
His manner was serious, but he answered readily.
His mother, whom he loved, wearied of him sometimes.
His mouth opened; words shaped vainly on his lips.
His name was Marmaduke Jopley, and he was an offence to creation.
His newborn cunning gave him poise and control.
His nonsensical rambling obscures the real reason for his actions.
His office was on the top floor of C building.
His only way out would be to slide off.
His outstretched arm dropped to his side, and he paused.
His partners had starved and died on the Stewart.
His plan did not vary on seeing them.
His post was delivered through the letterbox in his front door
His previous wives had never lived long enough to bear him children.
His problem is that he can't forgive and forget
His psychology is good.
His questions betrayed in no way the colour of his mind.
His reception, however, was of the most flattering kind.
His revenge would have been complete indeed.
His reward should have been peace and repose.
His rubbish was taken away in the dustcart
His sat nav was mounted to his vehicle dashboard
His shop is called the Court of Chancery.
His shopping expedition had cost him seventeen pounds, ninety-eight pence
His sisters were fine women, with an air of decided fashion.
His skin was baked from the intense desert heat.
His slim fingers closed like steel about Philip's.
His slim hands gripped the edges of the table.
His talk of guards that would skin their own grandmothers was all billy-o.
His teeth had decayed and needed extraction.
His teeth shut with a last click.
His tone is no less sorrowfully echoed by his new acquaintance.
His vanity is colossal.
His very audacity charmed me.
His voice at once took courage.
His voice had become brusque, the politeness had gone from his address.
His voice sounded a little rough.
His voice took on a deeper note.
His voice was passionately rebellious.
His was a bad case too, in a different way.
His whimsical blue eyes seemed to go very deep.
His wife tried hard to get him to open up.
His windows are dark and quiet, and his door is shut.
His words seemed to imply it.
Historically, knowledge was orated to the next generation.
History repeats itself until it doesn't.
Hoardings are panels used to display outdoor advertisements
Hold on for just a second.
Hold that thought.
Hold the line a minute.
Hold tight, or you'll lose it!
Holding his pocket handkerchief before his streaming eyes.
Holistic thinking is needed.
Hollywood had a writers hiatus.
Holograph technology is being commercialized finally.
Holographic technology is an augmentation of the virtual world with the real world.
Honestly! What possessed him to do that?
Honestly, you don't want me.
Honey and fair speeches, and then a stroke in the dark.
Hope filled students are energetic go-getters.
Horses and rifles had been her toys, camp and trail her nursery.
Hospitals are a necessary part of any city's infrastructure.
Hospitals in England can no longer use fax machines.
Hourglasses and egg timers are fascinating.
How I envy you your constitution!
How I laughed!
How I longed for a good pony!
How I persuaded myself that this was likely, I don't know.
How I wish I was one of them!
How about my heart? asked the Tin Woodman.
How about that newt bloke?
How acutely did she now feel it!
How am I going to solve my snoring problem?
How am I to live?
How are her vitals?
How are they even to be discovered?
How are we getting on?.
How are you today honey?
How are your spirits now, George?
How big is the Endangered Species List?
How big is the wealth disparity between men and women of equal skill?
How brave they’ll all think me at home!
How can I access my work emails from home?
How can I assist you?
How can I condense this paragraph into one line?
How can I cross the desert?
How can I do visualization on this data?
How can I embed clip art into this powerpoint presentation?
How can I get access to my social media data?
How can I get to her castle?
How can I, my dear Esther, with nothing settled!
How can she do so?
How can the data have become corrupted?
How can the government run the country if they ignore families?
How can they suit each other?
How can we advance our business goals?
How can we dispose of waste engine coolant safely?
How can we efficiently purify water using the least amount of energy?
How can we ensure our kids grow up to be successful?
How can we facilitate people with special needs?
How can we get this calculation to be more performant?
How can we get voice recognition to work better for speech impediments?
How can we harness technology for socially beneficial projects?
How can we harness technology to solve drought and famine?
How can we incentivise young people to embrace a growth mindset?
How can we overcome the dread of dealing with numbers?
How can we put this right?
How can we stand amazed at poor Rick?
How can you learn lessons in here?
How can you manage all alone, Mr Young.
How can you possibly think that? she shouted
How can you reduce the echo chamber effect online?
How cold is the Antarctic winter?
How could I answer the question on the spur of the moment.
How could he explain his possession of the sketch.
How could his will be disregarded?
How could it be otherwise?
How could you do it?
How could you have possibly lost all that money?
How could you know?
How curious of my cousin to send us here!
How dare you ask me if I knew him?
How did I lose her?
How did he first come by that idea, though?
How did he take the theory?
How did the advertiser know you were shopping for a laptop?
How did they begin?
How did you assist?
How did you go?
How did you know it was the country?
How did you know it? It was in this evening's paper.
How did you learn to fabricate an engine mould?
How did you produce this?
How differently did everything now appear in which he was concerned!
How do I close this window?
How do I get to Tenth Avenue?
How do I go about preparing asparagus?
How do I grow a tomato plant?
How do I know if I am experiencing a heart attack?
How do I transmit this photo with infrared?
How do I turn the clock back on this?
How do we emerge as successful businesses during an economic downturn?
How do we identify cancer early?
How do we reconcile these two things?
How do you balance on a Segway?
How do you contrive to live here without them?
How do you deal with the unintended impacts of machine learning?
How do you defend them?
How do you do, Esther?
How do you envisage the house to appear when it's complete?
How do you feel now?
How do you find them?
How do you know I'll be all right?
How do you know she wasn’t thirsty too?
How do you know they won't?
How do you like to kick back after work?
How do you mean, settled?
How do you sell them?
How do you sew?
How do you spend your recreational time?
How do you swing a golf club?
How do you take your tea?
How does it appear there?
How does my voice sound?
How does the case stand now?
How does the mortal world go?
How does your wager look now.
How far can we build it up?
How far is it to the Castle of Glinda? asked the child.
How fast is your motorbike?
How frequently has this occurred?
How funny it’ll seem coming out among people that walk with their heads downward!
How glad am I to see you, Charley!
How good it was in you, my dear Mr. Bennet!
How hard can it be?
How has that contest gone?
How have you been?
How he lived I know not.
How he stuck to it!
How humiliating is this discovery!
How in hell did he know it was you in the dark.
How is bread made? ‘I know that!’ Alice cried eagerly.
How is my grammar?
How is such a man to be worked on?
How it could occur a second time, therefore, was very odd!
How long have you been an old friend of mine, Bertie?
How long have you known it?
How long have you known this woman?
How long would it take to get there?
How lovely the evenings were there!
How many angels can dance on the head of a pin?
How many bedrooms does this cottage have?
How many bookings do we have this evening?
How many chapters have you read?
How many colours are in the rainbow spectrum?
How many days are there in a year?
How many layers do we need?
How many meters are in ten yards?
How many minutes do you walk a day?
How many more iterations are we going to need?
How many ohms are there in an amp?
How many parking spots are available?
How many planets are in this solar system?
How many racing circuits have you raced on?
How many rooms are in this house?
How many times have carnivals been hosted in this town?
How many yards are there are in a mile, or metres in a kilometre?
How much are you out of pocket?
How much data is in an exabyte?
How much each was it?
How much for both of them!
How much gin did you put in the jug?
How much money is in my savings account?
How much sooner one tires of anything than of a book!
How much was it.
How much water is left in the reservoir?
How much would you estimate to fit a new shower?
How nice and soft it sounds!
How nice it would be if we could get through into Looking-glass House!
How often does she win at roulette?
How often must I say it!
How old are you, daddy.
How old are you, mother.
How proficient are you in speaking Urdu?
How puzzling all these changes are!
How queer everything is to-day!
How quick, and how profound!
How shall we find him?
How shall we get down?
How should I know anything of her?
How surprised he’ll be when he finds out who I am!
How the devil can it have got known?
How they all came out of it Alice couldn’t guess.
How they want to rebuild their lives is up to them.
How they would laugh at me!
How thorough is this investigation going to be?
How to build a snowman.
How to deal with a rabid dog.
How to debone a chicken.
How to freeze fruit and vegetables.
How to live a better life.
How to make an edible fruit bouquet.
How to make pancakes.
How valiantly I went at it that first day.
How very odd to find trees growing here!
How was he ever elected President?
How was that possible?
How was the murder committed?
How was your trip to Shanghai?
How we roared!
How will that help us?
How wonderful she must have looked in beach pyjamas!
How wonderfully these sort of things occur!
How would you characterize fast food?
How would you classify a bus and a coach?
How would you compare the two?
How would you describe a giraffe?
How would you like bugs to be reported?
How would you like that?
How would you like to live in Looking-glass House, Kitty?
How would you rate our service?
How would you rate the comprehensiveness of this report?
How would you say the following phrase in German?
How would you suggest we overcome that?
How'd the operation go?
How, indeed, should she know of them at all?
However, I was in no mood to dissect and criticize.
However, a Wooster's word is his bond.
However, a right is not something that needs to be justified.
However, don’t be discouraged.
However, he consented to go on.
However, he merely brushed a dead spider from his brow.
However, he wouldn't be, and there was an end of it.
However, the Multiplication Table doesn’t signify: let’s try Geography.
However, this is simply not true.
However, we will call the head waiter.
However, when I did meet him I was frightened.
However, ‘jurymen’ would have done just as well.
Hullo, Bertie, darling.
Human beings have an intuitive basic understanding of causal inference.
Human beings show empathy most to those in need.
Human ingenuity is hard to replicate in machines.
Humanitarian work is successful when benefactors have a say.
Humanity has harnessed electricity and every product is boosted by it.
Humanity has learned to adapt over many generations.
Humanity is spending billions on detecting life on Mars.
Humankind has reached its pinnacle.
Humans are adaptable to most environments.
Humans are utilitarian and efficient at using tools.
Humans do not like to be alone, we like the company of people.
Humpty Dumpty smiled contemptuously.
Hundreds of dead and dying.
Hundreds of thousands of warriors marched across the dusty plain.
Hung Gar is a form of martial arts.
Hurricane conditions are possible within the next three days.
Hurricane season is a time of worry for many who live on the coast.
Hurricanes, forest fires and floods are a problem in parts of the United States.
Hurry up with that stuff.
Hurry up, or the balloon will fly away.
Hush!’ said the Rabbit in a low, hurried tone.
Hymn for Christmas Day.
Hypothetical scenarios help people understand something from a different perspective.
I absorbed everything the professor had to say.
I accepted it without any question.
I accidentally crashed the rental car.
I accordingly followed the drive which winds round to the front door.
I accumulated a large collection of dvds in the last twenty years.
I acquiesced and bought her the teddy!.
I acquired the car back in ninety-two.
I actually felt light-hearted.
I admit I was mistaken.
I advanced a theory!
I ain’t the man to spoil a bit of sport.
I almost forgive you the fright you gave me!
I almost got up and shouted.
I almost slipped on the wet tiled floor.
I almost think I can remember feeling a little different.
I almost think he did.
I almost wish I’d gone to see the Hatter instead!
I already booked a holiday.
I also desire to live in amity with my professional brethren.
I also understand that similar branch organizations have made their appearance in Europe.
I always drink orange juice.
I always forget halfway through a story why I started telling it.
I always had, when I was a medical man.
I always have a bag of crisps with my lunch
I always lust for the latest and best gadgets.
I always peel apples before eating them.
I always read the synopsis before buying a book.
I always store my toothbrush in the toothmug.
I always take precautions before cycling.
I always wanted to be an astronomer since I was little.
I am Caucasian.
I am Polish.
I am a clothes sewer.
I am a community paramedic.
I am a contributor to the open access dataset by Mozilla.
I am a humbug.
I am a little rambling.
I am a marked and disgraced man, and here I am.
I am a mechanical engineer.
I am a primary care physician.
I am a risk-averse person.
I am a serious man.
I am a university graduate.
I am a vegan.
I am able to come next week.
I am afraid you are tired.
I am all astonishment.
I am allergic to bees.
I am allergic to nuts.
I am almost sure.
I am always glad to get a young person well placed out.
I am an Electrical Engineer.
I am as foolish as I look.
I am as mad as a wet hen.
I am astonished at it.
I am aware of the risks.
I am bound to say Scudder played up splendidly when he came to breakfast.
I am committed to my role as a paramedic.
I am committing a great impertinence.
I am confident that she would have performed delightfully.
I am consistent on punctuality.
I am deeply sorry.
I am defragmenting the hard drive to optimize performance.
I am designed to never act unlawfully.
I am designed to never break the law.
I am determined to maintain contact with my children.
I am dumb.
I am ecstatic my sister is getting married!.
I am elated.
I am excellent friends with you.
I am excessively attentive to all those things.
I am extremely sorry, sir.
I am fascinated by the intricacies of woodcarving.
I am feeling shattered.
I am financially in a better position than I was last year.
I am fluent in Thai.
I am fond of you. I will marry you.
I am glad I came to your amusing dinner-party in London.
I am glad he is gone.
I am glad of it on the whole.
I am glad of your good opinion.
I am glad to hear you say so.
I am glad to say that my efforts have been rewarded.
I am going away myself. No, no, nonsense, Lizzy.
I am going out to dinner.
I am going to need more information from you
I am going to stay with my dear husband.
I am going to surprise father, and you will go with Pierre.
I am going to the Park.
I am going to try drilling for oil.
I am going to try you to the utmost.
I am good at active listening.
I am growing wary.
I am happy to be of assistance
I am happy to say it is advancing.
I am hard to wake, odd times.
I am having severe chest pains.
I am heartily glad to see you.
I am here for that purpose.
I am honoured by your presence professor.
I am hungry.
I am imparting knowledge to you my son.
I am indebted to your kindness, thank you!.
I am indifferent to the idea.
I am just able to walk with one crutch.
I am lactose intolerant.
I am limited as to situation.
I am listening to everything you say.
I am looking for accredited bookkeepers to work for me.
I am mistaken, I dare say.
I am much of the same mind myself.
I am not a lady.
I am not a match for you, gentlemen.
I am not a vegetarian.
I am not actively searching for a role at the moment.
I am not afraid of her dying.
I am not afraid.
I am not angry, only a little hurt.
I am not at all business-like.
I am not aware that it can.
I am not clear what to do or how to act next.
I am not content with such folly.
I am not devoted to food at all.
I am not devoted to food!
I am not equal to it.
I am not prepared to say that.
I am not qualified to form one.
I am not romantic, you know; I never was.
I am not sure that I understand you.
I am not the President of the Republic.
I am not to mention the suit.
I am not yet placed.
I am now in sole charge.
I am optimistic the future will not be Dystopian.
I am partial to a cup of coffee.
I am partial to orange juice.
I am particularly interested in his address.
I am past caring now.
I am perfectly serious in my refusal.
I am prepared to defray all charges.
I am putting an extreme case, but it might be so.
I am quite at your service.
I am ready to do it.
I am ready to go.
I am really a wild beast, you know.
I am responsible to no Lord Chancellor.
I am safe now.
I am satisfied.
I am sick of them all.
I am so very miserable, and I like you so much!
I am somewhat risk-averse when it comes to babies.
I am sorry I cannot comply with this request.
I am sorry I cannot offer chocolate.
I am sorry it went off.
I am sorry sir.
I am sorry to have occasioned pain to anyone.
I am sorry to hear that, sir.
I am sorry to say I am.
I am sorry to say it of them, but so it is.
I am sorry to see you sitting in the street.
I am studying philanthropy.
I am sure I don't wonder at it!
I am sure it must have been some adventure.
I am sure that I can trust you.
I am sure there is not on his.
I am sure you must feel it so.
I am taking improv acting classes.
I am taking improvised acting classes.
I am tending to a customer.
I am that much in earnest.
I am the Witch of the North.
I am the amateur.
I am the captain of the ship.
I am the last man in the world for such a thing.
I am the new County Road Surveyor.
I am this child's guardian.
I am tired of being such a humbug.
I am tired to death of the matter.
I am to attend to your interests.
I am told by all hands: it's the system.
I am too unsettled even for that.
I am trying to ascertain what is going on.
I am unable to join you tomorrow.
I am undergoing immunotherapy to treat my cancer and stop its progression.
I am undergoing radiotherapy to kill the cancer cells and stop it spreading.
I am unfamiliar with your etiquettes, please forgive my ignorance.
I am up against it a bit, Jeeves.
I am up to all that.
I am very glad you have somebody who thinks of these things.
I am very grateful to you, and shall never forget your kindness.
I am very, very sorry.
I am violent, I know.
I am working on attaining certification for my talents.
I am writing these lines in Honolulu, Hawaii.
I am writing to you in relation to the job advertised.
I am writing to you regarding the role advertised on LinkedIn.
I analyzed the report and could not find any discrepancies.
I answered in all earnestness, "Quite."
I answered, most assuredly he did not.
I appeal to Mr. Darcy: — but let me not interrupt you, Sir.
I appreciate your support.
I arose obediently and went down the beach.
I arrived in the new town.
I arrived there ahead of time.
I ask for nothing; there are funds in hand.
I asked Mark to do the literature review.
I asked Richard if any one knew of their coming down together.
I asked a few idiotic questions, and they soon kicked me out.
I asked after a good deal of hesitation.
I asked for Mr Appleton, and was ushered in.
I asked her if Mrs. Jellyby knew that her wedding-day was fixed.
I asked her if he brought her papa out much.
I asked him how he liked his profession.
I asked him when I had hummed it quietly all through.
I asked the tailor to alter the shirt sleeves and cuffs.
I aspire to become an inventor of a solar-powered car.
I assented with a smile.
I assisted Gussie down the stairs.
I assumed you were busy, so I went ahead and took out the trash.
I assure you he would approve of anything you could say.
I assure you it is through no settled designs.
I ate Kidney beans for dinner.
I ate a huge sandwich this morning.
I ate cereal.
I ate wheatabix for breakfast.
I attached a covering letter along with the job resume.
I attended the inquest next day.
I back our Kennet any day against the Test.
I barely noticed it.
I bathed bewilderedly.
I bear it, and I hide it.
I beat the world record!
I beg to differ
I beg you will not go.
I beg your pardon, sir, but I think those gentlemen are military?
I beg your pardon, sir.
I beg your pardon.
I beg your pardon?
I began at the very beginning.
I began to detect an ally.
I began to grasp.
I began to lose the identity of the sleeper resting on me.
I began to see what an ass I had been to steal the car.
I believe —  at least I know  —  that he was not rich.
I believe I am truly cosmopolitan.
I believe everything out of the common.
I believe he's in that cupboard. What's in this cupboard?
I believe him to be Lady Catherine's nephew.
I believe it would work.
I believe it, now attend to Mr. George.
I believe so, your ladyship.
I believe that there are tens of thousands of different species of beetle
I believe we are due to meet in committee room seven.
I bet she's pregnant!
I blew my whistle.
I borrowed your pencil case.
I bought a large box of two-ply loo rolls.
I bought customized reclining seats.
I bought denim blue jeans.
I bought it at only a fraction of the retail price.
I bought it on your recommendation.
I bought my wife a Bouquet of flowers.
I bought one on the way here.
I bought some birthday candles.
I bowed my head reverently.
I broke off and eyed him frigidly.
I brooded some more.
I brought her here myself just before you came.
I burned through my savings.
I call it my garden.
I came Four hours ago.
I came for information more out of curiosity than anything else.
I came to the point, therefore.
I can admire her without envy.
I can answer for one of them with my heart of hearts.
I can assure you that there is nothing to fear
I can at least do that.
I can communicate effectively with people.
I can dream of them.
I can endure a morning of snow, it's no biggie.
I can face facts.
I can feel it in my bones.
I can get a holiday for the afternoon.
I can hear them now.
I can imagine what you must have felt.
I can never forget Augustus, but my love for him is dead.
I can only fulfil lawful commands.
I can prove it.
I can recall nothing worse.
I can recommend the soup.
I can see my house from here!
I can see that knife now.
I can see the cab between the shrubs in the drive.
I can see them burglarizing the house as we speak!.
I can set it to music.
I can sketch it and alter it.
I can speak French, but I would prefer to be able to speak German
I can stand any fire better than a fire of cross questions.
I can sympathize with the objects.
I can understand your feelings, my poor woman.
I can't argue with you, and you know that.
I can't bear him.
I can't believe what they're saying.
I can't breathe where I am.
I can't compose my speech with you mucking around.
I can't do anything, except write.
I can't do it.
I can't endure it!
I can't find my way anywhere!
I can't go elsewhere, by your own account.
I can't help it, Charley.
I can't hold myself still.
I can't imagine.
I can't positively identify this compound.
I can't recollect whether I've ever been up in a hot air balloon.
I can't say I was any too pleased.
I can't see clearly.
I can't swim.
I can't tell you with certainty but I think you're right.
I can't throw myself into an object so completely without expense.
I can't tolerate lying.
I can't understand that
I can't wait for Father Christmas to come and fill my stocking
I can't wait for summer!
I can't wait for the advent of self driving cars.
I can't wait to have a long warm, relaxing bath.
I can't wear those trousers; the zip’s broken
I cannot admit that I implied anything.
I cannot blame myself for having done thus much.
I cannot do justice to his kindness.
I cannot follow you, she said.
I cannot imagine what a four-dimensional image would look like.
I cannot quite agree with you there.
I cannot recall one more packed with incident.
I cannot resist your prayer.
I cannot say what was in my whirling thoughts.
I cannot speak with justice.
I cannot tell you how grateful I am.
I can’t bear it any longer
I can’t even understand the preamble to this research paper.
I can’t explain why, but it is a fact.
I can’t get over it.
I care for my elderly mother.
I cared for them until they were old enough for University.
I carved out this sculpture from a slab of Ice.
I catch sight of it, and the words freeze on my lips.
I caused him embarrassment enough as it was, I am sure.
I certainly am.
I cherry-picked the best playlist.
I chose it as a conspicuous part of the house.
I clicked the tongue, annoyed.
I clicked the tongue.
I climbed into bed and sank back against the pillows.
I clung desperately to the words of Peter.
I coded a trivial hello world application.
I come here, and your wife is not here.
I come to the second.
I command you to obey him as you would me.
I completed my evidence ten days ago in Paris.
I completely failed to tame the wild horses.
I comprehend books better when I read out aloud.
I concur with the speaker.
I confessed that she had surprised us all.
I confronted three pairs of eyes that missed nothing.
I congratulate her.
I consider it a departure from our agreement and your promise.
I consider that a dangerous proceeding.
I considered this.
I consulted Jeeves once more in the language of the eyebrow.
I convinced them that you had crossed the hill.
I could carry you in my basket.
I could chew holes in a steel door.
I could deduce from the way they behaved, they do not get along.
I could envisage the scene.
I could experience places I've never been to using virtual reality.
I could hardly help laughing aloud sometimes.
I could hardly keep my countenance.
I could have sworn that we own a frying pan.
I could have told the man it was no use.
I could hear my dog howl in the distance.
I could hear them kicking over the barrels and pulling up the rotten planking.
I could make nothing of that.
I could make nothing of this. It baffled me.
I could not agree with Ernest.
I could not bear to be apart from my children.
I could not bring myself to share his sunny confidence.
I could not but demur.
I could not find the activity in my Schedule.
I could not go beyond that, sir, without wronging some one.
I could not have believed in such rage without seeing it.
I could not keep up this roadmaking business for long.
I could not make my darling out.
I could not scream.
I could put myself in Gussie's place.
I could read the message he was trying to convey.
I could readily believe it.
I could scarcely believe such a thing of him.
I could see exactly what must have happened.
I could see it too.
I could see one of the two occupants examining me through glasses.
I could see rain.
I could see that this had moved him.
I could see the oncoming car in the periphery.
I could speak no more.
I could, couldn't I?
I couldn't care less what happens.
I couldn't care less.
I couldn't find that in the documentation anywhere.
I couldn't go back.
I couldn't live in that room alone, as you do.
I couldn't mention it.
I couldn't see the car's number plate, so can't tell you its registration number
I couldn't tell till I tried.
I couldn't tell whether there were thirty or forty birds in the flock
I crawled down the broken ladder, scattering chaff behind me to cover my footsteps.
I cried out, rising hastily.
I crossed the street, whistling gaily and imitating the jaunty swing of the milkman.
I curbed my resentment.
I curled the lip about half an inch.
I dare say I do.
I dare say it is, Rick.
I dare say not.
I dare say there may be one.
I dare say you would!
I daren't go back.
I decided, after all, to acquiesce in your wishes.
I declare after all there is no enjoyment like reading!
I defy any man to get a Solomon Island sore in California.
I deiced the car this morning.
I described, and enforced them earnestly.
I desire to leave a good name behind me.
I desisted, therefore.
I detached the cable, but the icon still shows it is charging?
I devote myself to it.
I did as I was bidden.
I did have to cut a few corners.
I did it — because I have a sense of humour.
I did not attempt it.
I did not expect such a compliment. Did not you?
I did not get it.
I did not get quite this.
I did not get the purport.
I did not give him very close attention.
I did not know how to prepare him..
I did not know the number.
I did not know what to do.
I did not like her.
I did not speak.
I did not think about it.
I did not think you would be so early.
I did not understand it.
I did not want power over people.
I did not want to be inconsiderate so I bought you a present also.
I did one thousand push-ups... You don't believe me?
I did ring the bell, yes.
I did up the bundle again, and put the paper conspicuously beside it.
I did, indeed.
I didn't get the details, but she is much braced.
I didn't know you played the guitar!
I didn't like his looks.
I didn't like his tone.
I didn't realise that owls are nocturnal.
I didn't roll out of bed looking this good.
I didn't want any confusion on the point.
I didn't want to defy my manager.
I didn't want to embarrass you so I kept quiet.
I didn't want to get chucked out so I apologized.
I didn’t blame him.
I didn’t feel like going back to my flat.
I didn’t get on so badly when it came to my turn.
I didn’t take long to guess what it was.
I directed him to the blue outdoor phone box.
I disclosed my thoughts to my best friends.
I disgrace nobody and encumber nobody; that's something.
I do hope there's an index in this textbook.
I do hope, Adele, that we shall make you believe.
I do like you, Bertie.
I do not as yet hold pigheadedly to it.
I do not blame you for anything; remember that.
I do not care one iota about selfies.
I do not dispute your hypothetical case.
I do not get on at all.
I do not have the authority to repair this item free of charge.
I do not know what to think.
I do not mean to imply you are wrong.
I do not now say that she is.
I do not propose to let you go.
I do not see that anything is to be done.
I do not think I have omitted anything.
I do not trust my own partiality.
I do not wish a few larks on my windows.
I do so wish I could see that bit!
I do wonder what can have happened to me!
I don't believe for one second that consumer protections stifle innovation.
I don't believe the stated motive for the attack.
I don't blame you, Rick, but I have had experience since.
I don't disagree.
I don't doubt it!
I don't feel any vulgar gratitude to you.
I don't follow you, Jeeves.
I don't gamble much, but I do enjoy roulette.
I don't get you.
I don't have a fiver. Can you change a tenner?
I don't have my watch.
I don't know anything of the kind.
I don't know how to do that.
I don't know what I said now.
I don't know what Mr. Tulkinghorn's engagements may be.
I don't know what he can have done with the money.
I don't know what his number is: he's ex-directory
I don't know what it is.
I don't know what it was.
I don't know who may not, if you may not.
I don't know why you're here at all.
I don't know why.
I don't know, I am sure!
I don't know, my Lady; I can scarcely hope so.
I don't know; we'll just have to suck it and see
I don't like his trade the better for that.
I don't like the look of that. It may be be a tax dodge.
I don't like this game, can we play another?
I don't like your associates and don't want you here.
I don't like your associates.
I don't mean to gush, but I'm a big fan of your work.
I don't mean to interfere.
I don't mind drinking regular cola from the supermarket.
I don't mind telling you.
I don't particular complain of that.
I don't really like the flavour of Smarties
I don't regret it therefore.
I don't see how it can fail.
I don't see it myself.
I don't see what's splendid about it.
I don't see why.
I don't take to it.
I don't think I've ever met an older friend.
I don't think she loves her husband at all.
I don't think that's relevant.
I don't think we've met before, have we?
I don't think you understand what I'm trying to teach you.
I don't understand; can you translate the instructions?
I don't want to downplay the seriousness.
I don't want to dwell on the past.
I don't want to hinder you from what you are doing at the moment.
I don't want to lose this game.
I don't want to overreach.
I don't want you to feel overwhelmed on your first day.
I don't wonder.
I don’t care for butter; I prefer margarine.
I don’t eat beef.
I don’t eat meat based products.
I don’t find circus clowns to be at all funny.
I don’t know that I can think of any.
I don’t suppose he would recognise me again.
I don’t think I’ll get very far.
I don’t think my father would approve
I don’t want proofs.
I don’t want to be anybody’s prisoner.
I don’t want to get involved, and I don't intend to.
I doubt if he expects much of the old world.
I doubt whether that crash would have been survivable.
I dread one person very much.
I dreaded what he would think.
I drew myself up a bit.
I drew myself up.
I drink pasteurized milk.
I dropped a bit of a clanger there.
I dropped my contact lens, don't step on it!.
I dropped out of sight behind the sky-line.
I drove a fastback car.
I drove a rally car and quickly lost control at the bend.
I emphatically do.
I encouraged her and praised her with all my heart.
I endeavoured to soothe.
I enjoy having a quiet pint at a traditional British pub
I enjoy larks on my windows worse as any.
I enjoyed that evening’s ride.
I ensconced myself just below the sill of the window, and lit the fuse.
I envy you your power of doing what you do.
I examined all his papers and all his effects.
I exchanged the small shirt for a better fit.
I exercised around an hour.
I expect there would be something cold there.
I expected you to stay two months.
I explained the cypher, and he was jolly quick at picking it up.
I explicitly said do not enter the condemned building.
I exported the model in json format.
I eyed him sternly.
I eyed it sourly. Where's the lamp?
I eyed the jug. Mercifully, it was empty now.
I fancy I have had enough of it.
I fancy it should prove adequate, sir.
I fancy she was wanted about the mince pies.
I fear I surprised you, on the day of the storm?
I fear there is no lamp, sir.
I fear they're going to split up.
I fear you will scarcely find that a congenial task.
I fed him with—with—with Ham-sandwiches and Hay.
I feel I shall never dare to sleep again!
I feel as though I am a good candidate for this role.
I feel confident that my skills align well with the job listing.
I feel it all over me!
I feel like a fighting cock.
I feel the present visit very much.
I fell asleep in the truck.
I fell in love with her in a couple of minutes.
I felt a sinking feeling in my stomach.
I felt as if I did not even dare to hear it.
I felt as if it came close and near to me.
I felt as if she challenged him to run away.
I felt enlightened after visiting the wise man.
I felt it as he spoke to me.
I felt so yesterday at about this same time.
I felt that I was disloyal to Harry.
I felt that your need was greater than mine.
I felt the old beak furtively.
I felt the same.
I felt unwell so I booked an appointment with the local G P.
I felt very ignorant, but what could I do?
I felt you needed me.
I fetched them out of my trouser pocket and gave him them.
I filtered the non labelled images.
I find Norse and Celtic iconography fascinating.
I find duvets to be much more comfortable than blankets
I find him accord with my digestion and my bilious system.
I find it a little difficult to classify.
I find radio programmes more interesting than television programmes
I find satirical comedy to be the most amusing.
I fitted a chrome bezel on the grill of my lorry.
I fitted a custom body kit.
I fitted the cat back exhaust pipe.
I fixed on Galloway as the best place to go.
I flew into a rage.
I flit, I flee, I fly.
I flitted, I fled, I flew.
I fluctuate a little; that's the truth.
I follow it alone to the end, whatever the end be.
I followed rather pensively.
I followed the line of the proposed railroad, looking for chances.
I forget how my uncle used to call it.
I forget what gave me the idea.
I forgot how easily I had taught myself from the printed page.
I formed the most inconsistent opinions of her.
I found a cold egg which I had overlooked.
I found a couple of bobbies and an inspector busy making an examination.
I found a little gem while shopping.
I found him sneaking around the presents.
I found him to be rather amenable.
I found his manner trying, but one has to make allowances.
I found myself in a bit of a predicament.
I found speech: "But I haven't ridden for years."
I found that Miss Darcy was expected to dinner.
I found the place.
I gather that he used up most of the decanter.
I gathered from Scudder’s notes that nothing on earth could prevent that.
I gathered that he had no preference in parties.
I gave Scudder a full account of the affair, and it interested him greatly.
I gave her a look.
I gave him a little time to recover.
I gave him a sweet, to take away the trauma.
I gave him good morning and he answered me unsuspiciously.
I gave it to Jeeves to give it to you.
I gave you my promise.
I generally sit indoors and listen to the wireless.
I genuinely am sorry for what happened.
I get a little anxious when I'm running late.
I glanced at it casually.
I got a detonator, and fixed it to a couple of feet of fuse.
I got down to the agenda in my debonair way.
I got fined for running a red light.
I got food poisoning after eating at that dodgy restaurant.
I got my door open and motioned him in.
I got the first hint in an inn in the Tyrol.
I got up at four and opened my bedroom shutters.
I grabbed a plate and hastened forward.
I graduated last of my class.
I graduated through a degree apprenticeship in England.
I graduated with a bachelors of arts degree.
I graduated with a bachelors of science degree.
I graduated with a first class honours degree.
I graduated with a second lower class honours degree.
I graduated with a second upper-class honours degree.
I graduated with a third class honours degree.
I graduated with an associate degree.
I grappled the old chap, and the room seemed to fill with figures.
I grew up in Boston.
I had a continental breakfast.
I had a crushing headache, and felt as sick as a cat.
I had a fascination with the stars.
I had a fine prospect of the whole ring of moorland.
I had a great revulsion of feeling, and felt a God-forgotten fool.
I had a long drink, and read the evening papers.
I had a word of comfort to offer here.
I had almost made up my mind that he was dead.
I had already entered upon my part.
I had always pitied her, never so much as now.
I had an English breakfast.
I had another whack at it.
I had aroused a passion which I could not control.
I had aroused a passion which I had not suspected.
I had been barking up the wrong tree this time.
I had been born with no organic, chemical predisposition toward alcohol.
I had been expecting it.
I had been expecting something a great deal more sparkling.
I had been sad too long already.
I had been slack so long that almost any chance of activity was welcome.
I had been thinking of that too.
I had been unwilling that he should see my altered looks.
I had begun to feel quite kindly towards the British police.
I had better send for Harry?
I had braced myself for a gush of stormy emotion.
I had expected some such initial reaction.
I had extensive surgery at a young age.
I had faith in them.
I had forgotten the coat.
I had forgotten their existence.
I had had fresh air, good clothes, and freedom.
I had had one of my ideas.
I had heard of it already without an offended or angry word.
I had him into my room.
I had him out of bed — very grumpy.
I had just dropped off when you did your bell-ringing act.
I had kept his flowers.
I had known him up in London.
I had left it closed and the house shut up and dark.
I had lied to Paddock about him, and the whole thing looked desperately fishy.
I had lost all count of the days.
I had made up my mind to speak to him now.
I had my molars extracted yesterday.
I had never been shown my mama's grave.
I had never been told where it was.
I had never heard my mama spoken of.
I had never heard of such a thing.
I had never seen the great man before, and he had never seen me.
I had never worn a black frock, that I could recollect.
I had no idea there was anything so attractive here.
I had no real pal to go about with, which probably explains things.
I had no wish to be reminded of Augustus's speech.
I had no wish to tear myself away unless I had to.
I had not meant that, and was rather taken by surprise.
I had not once looked up.
I had not seen him approach, and the sudden appearance made me start.
I had not the temperament.
I had not thought so very ill of him.
I had often seen him in love before.
I had only my theory to work upon.
I had said nothing — merely snorted.
I had scarcely rung before the door opened.
I had some good things all stored up.
I had spotted it all along.
I had struck the right note.
I had symptoms of inflammatory bowel disease.
I had the choice of watching a movie or doing the chores.
I had thought beforehand that I knew its purport, and I did.
I had thought of this very often.
I had thought so more than once lately.
I had to die.
I had to go on, crawling along this ledge.
I had to pause a moment to master my feelings.
I had tried to stop the seance, but I was not allowed.
I had used the stuff in Rhodesia and knew its power.
I had youth and hope.
I hadn't expected such a hot one from such a quarter.
I hadn't his authority.
I hadn't made myself quite clear.
I hadn't the slightest intention of proposing to anybody.
I hadn't; I hadn't done anything of the sort.
I hadn’t waited long till there came another ring at the bell.
I hasten to add, this is not the first time.
I hate Mondays!
I hate him with an H, because he is Hideous.
I hate it and detest it.
I hate such false friends.
I hate the Homeowners' Association.
I have Celtic ancestry.
I have a Hispanic background
I have a Nordic walk booked for this morning.
I have a dreadful headache.
I have a hand at liberty.
I have a headache.
I have a hernia.
I have a herniated disc.
I have a high respect for your nerves.
I have a husband, wretched creature that I am!
I have a kaleidoscope.
I have a lot of transgender friends
I have a lunch engagement, so will follow in the car.
I have a miniature statue.
I have a poodle, my sister has an Alsatian
I have a prickly cough.
I have a signed version of her autobiography.
I have a speech impediment.
I have a supercar at home, although it is a toy model.
I have a tickily dry cough.
I have a very fair turn of speed, and that night I had wings.
I have absolutely no idea what the professor meant.
I have accepted the job offer.
I have achieved that reputation, I suppose.
I have already forgiven her.
I have already ordered my morning chocolate.
I have an allergic reaction to this.
I have an earache
I have an iPhone; my girlfriend prefers Android
I have an important announcement
I have an insecurity of speaking to an audience.
I have an instinct about it.
I have an iron deficiency.
I have arranged a conference call to discuss these matters further.
I have arrived at maturity.
I have back-to-back meetings today.
I have been coding for a couple of years.
I have been doubly baptized.
I have been enduring arthritis for seventeen years.
I have been having chesty coughs all night.
I have been here for many hours.
I have been here very often.
I have been in prison for contempt of court.
I have been in prison for threatening the solicitor.
I have been kept a prisoner here.
I have been most highly gratified indeed, my dear Sir.
I have been much concerned to hear it.
I have been quite alarmed.
I have been robbed, sir, I amended.
I have been suspended from driving for speeding.
I have been thinking that the law is the boy for me.
I have been to Asia.
I have brought my granddaughter, Judy.
I have but one; I can have but one.
I have captured a million photos on this memory card.
I have certainly meant well through the whole affair.
I have come to look after the property.
I have come to make it.
I have commented on the speed with which he had gone in.
I have decided that you shall not.
I have done with the red coat, believe me.
I have done with you from this very day.
I have faults enough, but they are not, I hope, of understanding.
I have felt something sharper than cold.
I have felt the cold here.
I have found out who it was.
I have found you at last!
I have full confidence in your capabilities.
I have got it here, sir.
I have got to see you.
I have great hopes of finding him quite the reverse.
I have grown weary from the arguments.
I have had experience since.
I have had some difficulty in approaching it, and I still have.
I have heard it before.
I have heard this morning what people are saying.
I have here a communication from Aunt Dahlia, specifically stating this.
I have hopes that you may have a telegram very soon.
I have hunted along this ridge, replied Philip.
I have just been hearing of you.
I have just had a letter from Jane, with such dreadful news.
I have lived here many years.
I have long expected this, as you know.
I have long noted your thirst unquenchable.
I have looked well into the papers, Esther.
I have many thousands of books on my bookshelves.
I have mentioned my illness.
I have more important things to attend to.
I have never traveled by train, what is it like?
I have no choice I'm afraid.
I have no clue how to parse that sentence.
I have no complaints to make.
I have no doubt he is surprised that I don't.
I have no doubt of it.
I have no head for papers, sir.
I have no idea, replied Philip.
I have no objections, I’m sure.
I have no pleasure in talking to undutiful children.
I have no such injuries to resent.
I have no time to waste.
I have no will at all; I simply can't.
I have none to spare myself, having to attend court very soon.
I have not an idea how much.
I have not by any means a quick understanding.
I have not done that for many a long year!
I have not killed anything.
I have not let him into this, you know.
I have not that pain.
I have not the power of counting.
I have not the smallest hope.
I have not thought of them till now.
I have nothing left to say.
I have nothing more to say to this young man!
I have noticed her.
I have now come to apologize for doubting you.
I have often told you, you have no sympathy.
I have one other petition.
I have only come to justify myself.
I have previously read the book.
I have profound hearing loss.
I have promised never to leave ye.
I have quoted Peter already in this narrative.
I have said my say.
I have scarcely a friend there now but you.
I have seen her many and many a time!
I have seen myself that one man contemplated by Pascal's philosophic eye.
I have seen no woman with red hair.
I have sent for you on an affair of importance.
I have so many old devices in a drawer somewhere.
I have some anxiety about being late.
I have some details here.
I have some of the rarest comics in the world.
I have something to say to you.
I have struggled all my life, and I swear I'm no better.
I have telephoned the depot.
I have ten days accrued in annual leave.
I have the ability to do backflips.
I have the deepest sympathy with them.
I have the honour to attend court regularly.
I have the pleasure of drinking his good health.
I have the read the book, of mice and men.
I have the thing well in hand.
I have the work experience you are looking for.
I have thought it better not to mention it to her.
I have three essays due in the next week.
I have three sons.
I have to be careful of them, as they tear very easily.
I have to be there by March fifth.
I have to confess I don't know very much about string theory.
I have to take the New Jersey Turnpike every day to work.
I have told you so.
I have two Twitter accounts, one is for work.
I have two assignments to deliver this week.
I have wiped them away now and can go on again properly.
I have, indeed, Tuppy, old man.
I haven't been out for many months.
I haven't had the nerve to tell him yet.
I heard a story the other day.
I heard a whistle being blown, and the rush of men behind me.
I heard her give a sort of gulp.
I heard him cough, and sniped him with a sideways glance.
I heard his very words — “I’ve got into a proper lather,” he said.
I heard them speaking on the staircase.
I heard you call her by that name.
I heard you were writing in the library.
I held his hand for a little while in mine.
I held them in the hollow of my hand.
I helped him so far, but that's little.
I hesitate to criticise.
I hid the chocolates from my wife.
I honestly can do it as and when.
I hope Franz will bear his triumph well.
I hope I can do without my old face very well.
I hope I have not kept you waiting.
I hope I never ridicule what is wise and good.
I hope I was not the trouble, guardian?
I hope I won't be sanctioned for that mistake.
I hope he does, I am sure.
I hope he found some consolation there.
I hope it meets your approval?
I hope it won't hurt you.
I hope my employer is going to pursue this matter.
I hope she will excuse its painful nature.
I hope she will make good use of her convalescence.
I hope that he understood what I was saying.
I hope that won't be too much of a pain for you?
I hope there was informed consent when he signed the contract.
I hope they may never come to hear of it.
I hope they will not meet at all.
I hope they’ll remember her saucer of milk at tea-time.
I hope this may not seem trivial.
I hope you are pretty well?
I hope you forgive me now.
I hope you intend to keep your promise.
I hope you managed to sort out some of your problems.
I hope you will be very happy, sir.
I hope you will persuade him, Lord bless you.
I hope your skills are up to scratch.
I hoped in return that Mr. Jellyby was quite well.
I hoped they were going to take up my tracks there.
I hurried on so swiftly that my maid was surprised.
I inquired after their brother, of course.
I inspected my imagination.
I intend to read this book.
I intended to have no rot from the fellow.
I just about managed to do two and a half sit-ups.
I just do appreciate it without being able to express my feelings.
I just don't need another rabbit. We have enough bunnies.
I just got the email now, never mind!.
I just love chocolate chip cookies.
I just made this sentence up.
I just nipped into the dining-room and drank out of the decanter.
I just realized I left my keys in the door!
I keep a shooting gallery, but not much of a one.
I keep telling you that genealogy doesn't have an ‘o’ in the middle.
I kept looking at their faces, but they conveyed nothing to me.
I knew all about the Brinkley Court fire bell.
I knew how deeply attached she was to this paper of hers.
I knew how stern he could suddenly look.
I knew it!
I knew it, and I disregarded it.
I knew nothing at all of Lady Catherine's connections.
I knew nothing but the barest facts.
I knew something of the man, and he did several jobs for me.
I knew the worst now and was composed to it.
I knew there was something I had forgotten.
I knew this would be better for the company.
I know he has a room to let.
I know it's aching.
I know it's urgent; I’ll get on to it straight away
I know its a bad habit stay awake for no reason.
I know not what to think.
I know nothing about seven and sixpence.
I know she is very beautiful this morning.
I know that you are in charge there, and Jeanne knows.
I know that you can't forget how I hurt you
I know the ice rink is somewhere in this vicinity.
I know the signs, my dear.
I know them, and they are mad about working to a plan.
I know these plans of yours.
I know they are my oysters.
I know this cushion is useless, it was an impulsive buy.
I know what you mean.
I know you like it.
I know, far better than they do, when the attraction has begun.
I know; it is very embarrassing.
I laid a hand gently on his shoulder.
I laid it on again.
I lay down, for I was feeling very heavy.
I learned about that through the Discovery Channel.
I learned how to assemble a computer at only thirteen years old.
I learned how to swaddle a baby.
I learned it myself in English ships.
I leave no other charge with you.
I left him free, hoping for that evidence.
I left him free, hoping that he would commit himself.
I left it downstairs.
I left my bag in the locker and went to class.
I left the car at the garage.
I let myself go regardless of expense: No, but dash it, listen.
I lifted my veil and spoke to the woman.
I like curly fries.
I like leaning on it.
I like mixed meat kebabs.
I like my family in this timeline.
I like the ambience of this room.
I like the idea but have some concerns about how it will work.
I like the taste of whole milk better than skimmed milk
I like to decorate my fairy cakes with hundreds-and-thousands
I like to speculate upon the glorious future of man.
I like to stay indoors.
I like your nerve, coming bounding about the place, saying 'Well, Gussie.'
I listened in silence and looked attentively at him.
I listened, and tossed about, and, finally, dressed and descended.
I lit a cigarette and began to ponder.
I lit another cigarette and gave my mind to the matter.
I live there with my grandmother.
I look after my family at home.
I look forward to your reply.
I looked at both of them.
I looked at him and shook my head.
I looked at my watch, and saw that it was half-past ten.
I looked at the clock, and it was nearly half-past ten.
I looked back, but there was nothing in the landscape.
I looked in the mirror.
I looked upon it quite simply in that way.
I lost count.
I lost my balance and pitched head foremost into the ooze.
I lost my bangle have you seen it?
I lost the earphone earbuds.
I loudest of any.
I love athletic activities.
I love cheese; my favourite is camembert.
I love her goofy laugh.
I love her passionately.
I love maths almost as much as I love physics
I love rhythm and blues!
I love spicy Mexican food like tortillas.
I love sweetcorn, but not if it comes from a tin.
I love the beautiful colours of autumn, particularly September
I love the new logo!
I love to go mushrooming in my pyjamas and dressing gown.
I love to play chess and go, but I find draughts rather too trivial
I love to watch New Year's Eve fireworks.
I love traditional Cornish clotted cream
I love you too.
I loved that episode!
I made a speculative offer.
I made an assumption that you're probably a small size, I hope it fits!.
I made every allowance, for he had taken on a fairly stiff job.
I made him business proposals.
I made no more overtures.
I make it the object of my life.
I married someone better than them.
I may have sent you there on purpose.
I may manage to freight a cargo back as well.
I may now perhaps mention what I wished to say to you?
I may well pass that little and go on.
I mean to say — dash it, you know why hearts ache!
I mean to say, I couldn't back out.
I mean to say, all this had come as a complete surprise.
I mean to say, one does not court praise.
I mean, don't mention it any more.
I mean, somebody had got to.
I mean, the surgeon's knife, what?
I mean, what a pity!
I mean, why isn't it?
I mean, why should anybody split his trousers?
I mean, you can't have it both ways.
I mean, you know how it is.
I meet up with my ex-wife from time to time.
I mentor junior developers and train them to be confident.
I merely mention these things.
I merely mentioned that Job had them.
I might embroider that on a cushion.
I might even have forgotten that I had not used it myself.
I might have foreseen that she would be turning up shortly.
I might have heart disease.
I might have passed my whole life in the farmer's cornfield.
I mildly entreated him not to be despondent.
I miss you every day.
I missed the dermatology class, may I borrow your notes?
I missed you.
I mistrusted that man from the start.
I much prefer yoga than going to the gym
I murmured musingly.
I mused again.
I mused awhile.
I must emphasize that this is a test version.
I must have been asleep.
I must have been changed for Mabel!
I must have been ordered abroad, but how could I have gone?
I must have employment and society.
I must have two, you know—to come and go.
I must now be guided by circumstances.
I must prepare for them when I know they are coming.
I must reach it first, and then I’ll rest.
I must say I saw the girl's viewpoint.
I must say I was relieved by his departure.
I must say that my generous wrath had ebbed a bit.
I must settle this before I sleep.
I must shake hands over again with George's godson.
I must try what that will do.
I must warn Gussie without delay.
I muttered an "Oh, yes?"
I myself will decide what you shall wear.
I navigated to the page you instructed, but it won't open.
I nearly fell off my chair laughing
I nearly was fool enough to obey.
I need a big hug right now.
I need bifocal lenses.
I need fifty ten-foot-long segments of wire.
I need more info before I can action this.
I need one hundred dollars per person.
I need some more time to make an informed decision.
I need something clean.
I need to be in the right frame of mind to be productive.
I need to buy an extension lead
I need to buy some more sanitary towels, she said
I need to consult with my wife before I go ahead.
I need to familiarize myself in these surroundings.
I need to find space for my hamster
I need to go to the gents quite urgently
I need to go to the library before my book is overdue.
I need to go to the lost property office. I’ve lost my keys
I need to hire a car over the weekend
I need to mow the grass.
I need to open this can. Do you have a tin opener?
I need to plug my computer into a power point
I need to post this letter. Is there a postbox nearby?
I need to refer to my notes at this point.
I need to reverse the charges, please
I need to take private tuition to supplement my knowledge.
I needed to exchange insurance details with the other driver.
I needed to see her again one last time, for closure.
I needn’t tell you to keep deadly quiet.
I neither wish to spare myself nor to be spared.
I neither worked nor thought any more that night.
I never admired a man more than that butler.
I never allow what can't be changed to annoy me.
I never had such a night in my life!
I never had.
I never have any money.
I never heard anything like it.
I never heard anything so abominable.
I never heard of such a thing.
I never in my life saw anything more elegant than their dresses.
I never knew her swoon before.
I never knew much of him.
I never know anything about money.
I never met with anybody who delighted me so much.
I never realized toddlers could get so riled up.
I never said he had.
I never saw anything like her in my life.
I never saw so remarkable a look in a young person.
I never saw such a house for getting in the way!
I never saw such a long chin in my life.
I never saw such faltering, such confusion, such amazement and apprehension.
I never saw the grandmother, so I guessed she was bedridden.
I never thought of that! said Dorothy, joyfully.
I never want the two to clash if I can help it.
I never was responsible in my life —  I can't be.
I never went out at all.
I never, to my knowledge, had the pleasure of seeing him.
I nicked a few cough sweets from my husband.
I nodded gravely.
I nodded moodily and speared another slab of omelette.
I nodded towards the window.
I noticed blood spouting from Kerfoot's left hand.
I noticed that all had pistols.
I noticed that its occupants carefully reversed it before leaving it.
I now froze, and the face became hard and set.
I now know it wasn't.
I obeyed, and a minute or two later they stood before him.
I observed your departure.
I obtained my degree five years ago.
I offer them mentorship.
I offered an apple, but she wanted a toffee apple.
I often spend Sunday morning with my husband, reading the Sunday newspaper
I often tell my other girls they are nothing to her.
I only ask to be free.
I only eat organic food.
I only have access to free articles.
I only open up the navigation system when I'm utterly lost.
I only read the quotations.
I only say perhaps as to that.
I only tell you what I know.
I only want to rouse him.
I only wish her to be satisfied.
I opened the gate before.
I ordered a flat-pack pre-fabricated house.
I ordered a scan.
I ordered some commemorative pictures.
I ordered varifocal lenses.
I ought to know it.
I overlooked that point.
I overspent on my credit card
I owe so much to him.
I own a mobile pet grooming business.
I paid five yuan for the keyring.
I parked the car, and went in, well content.
I pass my days in court, my evenings and my nights here.
I pass over the miseries of that night among the wet hills.
I pass the greater part of the long vacation here.
I passed at the school six happy, quiet years.
I passed away and left them to it.
I passed my driving test!.
I passed my exam!
I pause for her reply.
I perceived that little good could result from continuing the discussion.
I performed an administrative role at my previous job.
I picked up one, and found it was in working order.
I picked up the telephone book and looked up the number of his house.
I pitied her so much.
I pity, though I cannot help blaming her.
I plan on becoming a lecturer next year.
I play that choice wide open to win.
I played Zelda when I was little.
I pointed out the silver lining.
I practice clinical medicine.
I pray you will get well soon.
I prefer digital clocks to analog.
I prefer playing draughts to chess
I presume this is your other ward, Miss Clare?
I pretended to consider very deeply.
I proceeded nervously, very much against my better judgement.
I pulled up a chair and sat down on it.
I pulled, suddenly, with all my might.
I pursed the lips.
I put it to you, Jeeves, can you see him declining?
I put my veil up.
I put on my surliest face and shrugged my shoulders.
I put them away in my mind.
I queried, groping.
I quite believe it.
I raised one of mine.
I raised the eyebrows again.
I raised the eyebrows.
I rarely use the landline telephone.
I rather enjoy a bit of noise, as a general rule.
I rather fancied the chap.
I rather feel it to be so.
I rather regret never having learned to play the cello.
I rather think Andy is a bit of a wide boy.
I read about it.
I read it through three times before I laid it down.
I read of his arrival two days ago in the newspaper.
I read the thing again.
I really appreciate a good noir thriller.
I really cannot laugh at it.
I really can’t afford to spend so much
I really don't care for her attitude
I really don't fancy going out today.
I really enjoyed our little chat.
I really feared that she was going to shoot me.
I really fell for her.
I really felt for her.
I really like Deep Learning.
I really must get a thinner pencil.
I really must insist that he undertakes the investigation personally.
I really should try to get some more sleep.
I really wished to see how Harry would take it.
I really wouldn't feel comfortable with that.
I reasoned with him, and pointed out his mistake.
I received a court summons this morning.
I received an acknowledgement of my application.
I received some forms, but haven't got round to filling them in yet.
I reckoned you’d ask for that, but I haven’t got it.
I recognised the quotation: it was about all the Latin I knew.
I recognized you in church on Sunday.
I recoiled in horror as I opened the curtains.
I recollect this lad some time ago being brought before the coroner.
I recollect you went on holiday to Spain, where are the best sights?
I recorded what passed between us on the lawn.
I refer my honourable friend to the answer I gave last week.
I regret not staying in touch with Roger.
I regretted this, for they sounded good.
I rejoice to see you!
I released the brakes just in time.
I remember Augustus mentioning it in his speech.
I remember faces very well.
I remember fitting-in a floppy drive on my desktop tower.
I remember that guy, I think it's Thomas.
I remember that you did seem dubious, sir.
I remember the young lady very well.
I remember wondering if I could get a job in those parts.
I remembered her hesitation when I read Marthe's letter.
I remembered that when I first began to suspect Harry.
I remembered the red wine of the Italian rancho, and shuddered inwardly.
I reminded myself that a week ago I had been finding the world dull.
I replied that I remembered to have seen him once before.
I replied that I was just enjoying my holiday.
I replied that you would.
I replied: 'also kidneys'.
I requested collection upon delivery.
I resent these implications.
I respect you for it.
I responded in the same affable key.
I restrained my impatience with an effort.
I returned to my work.
I root for this team.
I rose in life that way.
I rubbed a good deal of dirt into the sunburn of my cheeks.
I said I would be careful not to do it.
I said coldly.
I said it must have been a flatfish.
I said nothing of the contents.
I said the boy was the father of the man.
I said to myself 'Trust Jeeves,' and I intend to.
I said “What for?”’
I said, 'Don't talk rot, old Tom Travers.'
I said, 'You are a man of business, I believe?'
I said, and dismissed the matter as not worth thinking about.
I said, as nonchalantly as I could manage.
I said, between clenched teeth.
I said, startled for a moment.
I sailed third mate in the little Vampire before you were born.
I sang as I dressed for dinner that night.
I sank back on the pillows.
I sank into a handy chair.
I sat down in that chilly darkness in a very miserable frame of mind.
I sat in the ball-room in the interval, contemplating the apprentices.
I sat quite still and hopeless while the beat grew louder.
I saw Ben dashing through town in his Mini Cooper.
I saw Mr Pike nod his head grimly and sarcastically.
I saw a Ford Focus for sale.
I saw a skulking little owl.
I saw a young lady of that name not long ago.
I saw an aged aged man, a-sitting on a gate.
I saw it all myself, and it was splendid.
I saw it when she rolled.
I saw now that he was in the pink.
I saw that I should have to make myself clearer.
I saw that I should require footnotes.
I saw that he was struggling with some powerful emotion.
I saw that it was a special case.
I saw that it would be necessary to apply the finishing touch.
I saw that she had got the wires crossed.
I saw that she had got the wrong angle.
I saw the advertisement on the way to work.
I saw the carriage stop.
I saw this girl half an hour before I saw you.
I saw three ships.
I saw what had to be done.
I saw what she meant, of course.
I saw what was coming, leapt on the seat and would have jumped out.
I saw you pursue your friendship with her.
I saw you strike that gentleman hard.
I say it, though I am his mother.
I say to you, a million of times over, it is.
I say, it's all off.
I say, what are we going to do?
I say, you don't happen to have heard of a murder?
I scrapped that car ages ago.
I see exactly what you mean.
I see he is going to speak to you.
I see now you were laughing in your sleeve.
I see the imprudence of it.
I see the shoes were made in town.
I see what you mean.
I seem to be developing a rash.
I sent my daughter to Cardiff University.
I set the alarm for seven am.
I shall always remember it.
I shall be a different man altogether in the country.
I shall be a mockery and a scorn.
I shall be a riot.
I shall be within the mark any way.
I shall come all right again, then, don't you be afraid.
I shall entreat his pardon for not having done it earlier.
I shall have to be very careful.
I shall help you.
I shall make the order.
I shall never be able to ask her to marry me.
I shall never forget her appearance this morning.
I shall never forgive myself — never, never!
I shall never get to twenty at that rate!
I shall not be able to keep you — and so I warn you.
I shall not be without means.
I shall not feel it at all.
I shall open the carriage door myself and you will get out.
I shall owe you, you don't know how much.
I shall pitch it strong, sparing no effort.
I shall pull through, my dear!
I shall ruin my shoes.
I shall see her in January.
I shall take no step without forewarning you.
I shall tell you something of her now.
I shan’t be long. There he goes!
I shook it, and it seemed rather flimsy.
I shook my head, wondering even what it was.
I shot a glance at Jeeves.
I should be available this afternoon
I should be disgraced.
I should be sent to prison, I suppose, when the day came.
I should have brought mine.
I should have moved to one side. I did not reply.
I should have remembered, they can't take it.
I should have some fashionable conversation.
I should have thought there might have been.
I should like to be climbing up there!
I should like to engage just for one whole life in that.
I should not be content.
I should wish to speak to you first.
I shouldn't have been fit for it.
I shouldn't wonder if we found a ginger-bread soldier downstairs.
I shout that every single day!
I simply could not accept his hospitality on false pretences.
I simply said nothing, and stood there looking brave.
I simply stared at him and stuttered.
I slackened speed some yards off and walked briskly up to the door.
I smoked in a chair till daylight, for I could not sleep.
I snapped the switch, but there was nobody there.
I soon found myself very busy.
I speak feelingly.
I speak the common tongue.
I spend my wealth on philanthropic efforts.
I spent a warm and peaceful afternoon.
I spent all day in the park.
I spent some time looking around to get my bearings.
I spoke to him, and got an answer in the soft dialect of Essex.
I stared at him, speechless.
I stared at the man dumbly.
I stared at the man, astounded.
I stared at the man.
I stayed at my post till five o’clock.
I stole quietly along the drive.
I stood awhile in thought.
I stood looking at him in silence.
I stuffed my fishing-rod into his jaws, and I had a pistol.
I suffer from arthritis.
I suffer from carpal tunnel syndrome.
I suppose it was that word "upset" that touched Aunt Dahlia off.
I suppose it was, for he went away.
I suppose nobody ever was in such a state of ink.
I suppose she cursed me properly?
I suppose that no one has been allowed to enter the room?
I suppose we must make the best of it!
I suppose you have some settled home.
I suppose you might say that all's well that ends well.
I suppose you picked that lingo up among the Indians.
I suppose you were an excellent son.
I suppose you wonder why she is coming up here.
I suppose, as a matter of fact, Jeeves suggested it.
I supposed the room was empty.
I suppress names for the present.
I take it as a compliment.
I take it you believe in love at first sight?
I take loads of selfies.
I talked freely when that man was here.
I talked to one of the guides – very knowledgeable.
I tell you I am disgusted with this adventure tomfoolery and rot.
I tell you I despise that man.
I tell you I’m fair sick of it.
I tell you it does.
I tell you something more now.
I tell you this is no ordinary blundering affair.
I thank my honourable friend for that cheer.
I thank you all the same, sir, but — no lawyer!
I thank you for explaining it so fully.
I thank you with all my heart.
I thank you, no, not a morsel.
I thanked him with my whole heart.
I then left the garden, closing the gate behind me.
I then proceeded to the object of my visit.
I then take over and put you on the right lines.
I think I do, Charley, though not by name.
I think I know that much of him.
I think I might be adopted.
I think I would like a little orange juice.
I think I'll add just another fluid ounce or so.
I think I'll order the pulled pork in a bun.
I think Machine Learning is great.
I think Machine Translation will get better with time.
I think Manchester United is the best team, but I'm subjective.
I think Mark coined that phrase first.
I think Tuppy was surprised.
I think a sequential model can solve this problem.
I think after that she will need no further help.
I think he may be one of my great uncles.
I think he may be trying to slide out of it.
I think he’ll be all right. He’s very solid.
I think his object was to clear you if anything happened.
I think it is pretty.
I think it is rather our way to be in earnest.
I think it's much nicer to quarrel.
I think she's organising some sort of do.
I think that may be important.
I think the poor mutt's loony.
I think the solution is obvious.
I think the worse of him?
I think they meant to kill me.
I think we had better talk about this, really, Ada.
I think we have to agree that he didn't mean it.
I think we may assume that he has every detail stamped on his mind.
I think we'd better keep mum about that.
I think we’re in a strong position
I think you had better leave me, Jeeves.
I think you're protesting much over nothing really, although I could be wrong.
I think you’ve dropped your hair slide
I think, if I had been standing up, I would have staggered.
I thought I had seen you somewhere.
I thought I saw flames.
I thought I should have died.
I thought I should.
I thought I shouldn't find you far away from the food.
I thought I would say no more about it.
I thought as much.
I thought he probably had some kind of graft with the constabulary.
I thought he was probably the son of the servant-woman.
I thought it looked a little queer.
I thought it was not possible.
I thought it was the regular rule.
I thought it would be fun. And so it has been.
I thought nothing of her rancour.
I thought of it too.
I thought of that solitary light burning steadily under the roof.
I thought of the little black book in my pocket!
I thought she did.
I thought she had left this neighbourhood altogether, Charley.
I thought she might like a stroll and a chat.
I thought that her new novel was absolutely hopeless. Complete rubbish
I thought that she was very anxious not to be seen.
I thought then, growing uneasy, that I ought to write an answer.
I thought there was a fire.
I thought they were fine.
I thought we had done with him.
I thought we never should have got into the coach.
I thought you had dropped that rot.
I thought you had gone.
I thought you said something about somebody's father.
I thought you said something.
I thought, boastfully, that they never could break my heart.
I ticked him off properly, the poor fish.
I told Mrs. Collins so before you came.
I told her of the spirits with whom we held converse.
I told her she was tired, and I was sorry.
I told her so.
I told him what I had come for.
I told my sister Phillips so the other day.
I told something of the military plans of my Government.
I told the story well, though I say it who shouldn’t.
I told you I had hopes.
I told you Jeeves wasn't the only fellow with brain.
I told you not to come to me!
I told you the food stank.
I took Charley into my confidence, and we went out at dusk.
I took Sir Walter to town by the Bath Road and made good going.
I took his hand and kissed it.
I took my head in my hands and thought.
I took my place at the table in a kind of dream.
I took out Ada's letter and put it in his hand.
I took out an unsecured loan of two thousand dollars.
I took several transient jobs.
I took up one, and found that it crumbled easily in my hand.
I tooted and drove off.
I travelled with half a dozen in an atmosphere of shag and clay pipes.
I tried for hours, but none of the words answered.
I tried one to make certain, and found the fastenings secure.
I tried sushi once, but it was from a supermarket.
I tried to assure her that this was not so.
I tried to read George Moore last night, and was dreadfully bored.
I tried uploading family photos to the cloud, but the throughput was slow.
I trust her implicitly.
I trust they intend to inform us about their plans.
I trust you had a pleasant drive, sir.
I trust you had an enjoyable ride.
I try to be objective in my opinion.
I turned my head aside, and it was gone.
I turned, and saw two men-servants who had me covered with pistols.
I understand that Mr. Collins has made you an offer of marriage.
I understand that your position was very difficult.
I understand we have a board meeting on Tuesday
I understood him and waved in thanks.
I unpursed my lips.
I use Flickr to store most of my important photographs online
I use great trouble advisedly.
I use my iPad more than my laptop
I use the train to avoid the frustration of being in traffic.
I used a brightening detergent and the shirt looks like new.
I used a combination of modern and old school techniques.
I used a sieve to filter out the larger pieces.
I used colouring pencils to get the subtle colours in the sky.
I used my intuition to figure out where to go.
I used the Euro tunnel this time around.
I used to live in Saint Bernard Parish.
I used to skip school, but I shouldn't have.
I used to watch teenage mutant ninja hero turtles.
I usually walk here early.
I vacuumed the room.
I venture to take issue with you, Aunt Dahlia.
I ventured to ask him.
I very much appreciate the trouble you've been taking
I very much doubt that that will make any difference.
I waited for a bit, and then started to explore the cupboard shelves.
I walked forward a few steps.
I want a better work-life balance.
I want five hundred pound.
I want my autonomous car to come to me on demand like night rider.
I want my men to work by themselves.
I want only one.
I want the facts.
I want to be a published author when I grow up.
I want to become a Restaurateur.
I want to compose my speech.
I want to die in it.
I want to know how all this is possible.
I want to know your real thoughts, my dear.
I want to learn Zoology.
I want to look through everything you’ve ever sent, liked, watched, or posted online.
I want to make you happy.
I want to plug my lawnmower into mains power
I want to pull his head off.
I want to start the job hitting the ground running.
I want you to consider my suggestion carefully.
I want you to drive back.
I want you to read this description through again.
I want you to wake up and listen to me
I wanted so much to live.
I wanted some time to myself, so I invented a job for him.
I wanted that back-door key, and I wanted it now.
I wanted to see you.
I warmed my hands near the gas fire.
I warned you fairly, didn't I?
I was Hump, cabin boy on the schooner Ghost.
I was a good-enough-tempered man once, I believe.
I was a real country boy, once.
I was a ward myself.
I was able to sail a boat, under the guidance of my instructor.
I was able to speak: "What?"
I was about to do this when cooler judgment prevailed.
I was about to mount the stairs.
I was accepted into Harvard!
I was amazed by its heavenly geometry.
I was asked to descend down the stairs.
I was astonished by his lack of maturity
I was beneath the water, suffocating and drowning.
I was bequeathed the statuette in my grandmother's will.
I was beside myself upon hearing the news.
I was born in the country, Phil.
I was born on January first, nineteen seventy.
I was broken hearted by my first love.
I was brought up the way most girls in Hawaii are brought up.
I was cleaning the car.
I was completely lost in my work.
I was concerned to the core.
I was concerned.
I was convinced that something terrible had happened.
I was deeply moved.
I was delayed for almost an hour because of roadworks
I was fined for returning the library book late.
I was frightfully sorry to hear of that.
I was glad to hear this.
I was glad to see it.
I was glad when it was over.
I was going to do my wrapping tonight.
I was going to remonstrate.
I was hoping for the next dance.
I was hoping you might be able to assist me with an acquisition.
I was in New York when the crash came.
I was in a fraternity in college.
I was in no mood for bandying words.
I was in the dark there.
I was in the soup — that was pretty clear.
I was informed that you had returned.
I was intent on getting to the bottom of this mystery.
I was jealous — yes, jealous.
I was merely tapping the phone, yet the screen cracked.
I was more than a bit perturbed.
I was near the cabin, and saw you.
I was never more annoyed!
I was no longer hungry, and let several courses pass untasted.
I was not attracted by her.
I was not aware that you were here, Sir Leicester.
I was not feeling unmixedly at my ease.
I was not myself.
I was not prepared for it.
I was not sneezing.
I was not talking drivel.
I was not to cry out in the face of fear.
I was not troubled about it until I came here.
I was now certain of it.
I was on the phone when I saw the violin guy.
I was on the wrong side of the post.
I was only paid a measly two dollars.
I was only too happy to be in such request.
I was permitted to say so much.
I was perplexed.
I was pretty certain that I had to deal with a madman.
I was pulled over for jumping red lights.
I was pulled over for skipping the red traffic light.
I was quite well but a moment ago.
I was rapidly getting into a very bad temper.
I was rather alarmed again.
I was reading aloud, and she was listening.
I was ready to die of laughter.
I was relieved to find her in genial mood.
I was rewarded with an idea.
I was right, Alphonse.
I was right, Celia, was I not?
I was right, therefore, my last letter had never reached her.
I was shattered at the news she had passed away.
I was shocked.
I was sick once -- typhoid.
I was so vexed to see him stand up with her!
I was staking all on getting to Queen Anne’s Gate.
I was still less able to speak than before.
I was still weak from my prolonged immersion.
I was stuck in traffic all day!
I was sure of it.
I was sure, but I still wanted evidence to convict.
I was surprised at Angela.
I was taught that very cruelly.
I was terribly frightened of what would happen.
I was the only one who remained sitting.
I was the school prefect.
I was the weakest candidate, but I got the job through passion.
I was thinking of something so different!.
I was thinking that Tuppy is probably lurking somewhere.
I was tired and careless.
I was too afraid that I should lose him.
I was trained in the dark arts of assembly coding.
I was trying to think who you reminded me of.
I was uncomfortable enough, I may say unhappy.
I was useful to him, and he was useful to me.
I was very much changed — oh, very, very much.
I was very much in earnest.
I was very retired and quiet, and tried to be very diligent.
I was wondering you hadn’t got some too.
I was writing to you, Esther.
I wasn’t any kind of Sherlock Holmes.
I wasn’t feeling very confident.
I watch more Netflix now, and less terrestrial television
I watched the concert live.
I waved a hand and shrugged a shoulder.
I waved a jaunty hand.
I well remember delivering the letter to him.
I went again into the garden, but this time with greater caution.
I went back to where we had started.
I went on with my hair now, quite comfortably.
I went through hell when I was evicted.
I went to a formal party and was dressed formally.
I will always love my family and friends.
I will arbitrate on your behalf.
I will be able to start the role hitting the ground running.
I will be at the triathlon.
I will be coming into work this afternoon.
I will be fitted with a cochlear implant to improve my hearing.
I will be in constant contact with the team while working from home remotely.
I will be working alongside you on this project.
I will be your wife.
I will begin contracting out my services as it is more profitable.
I will begin revving the engine, please check if there is any black smoke.
I will bring it out, sir.
I will bring the car down to the door.
I will come over tomorrow for the money.
I will consult with my superiors.
I will dispense with excuses.
I will do more for you than you figure to yourself now.
I will eat sea bass for dinner.
I will expect a response before Wednesday
I will give you no further trouble about this little wager.
I will have no reserves from you.
I will know where they are.
I will mention the matter tomorrow morning when I take my seat.
I will never stop caring for my children.
I will not be alarmed though your sister does play so well.
I will not be working while I convalesce after my operation.
I will not hear you say such shameful words!
I will not mince my words.
I will not repeat what I said to Richard.
I will not tell you what it is.
I will not trouble you.
I will now accept questions from the floor.
I will only add, God bless you.
I will outlive this danger, if I can.
I will read you the passage which particularly hurts me.
I will remember, if I can!
I will see what she is doing.
I will sit underneath the light switch in the salon.
I will speak to her about it directly.
I will speak to her myself tomorrow.
I will speak to him.
I will take care of myself, and of Mr. Wickham too.
I will take up this case.
I will tell her what you say.
I will tell you.
I will watch over you.
I will write anything, here and now, that you will dictate.
I wish I could call her amiable.
I wish I could see her.
I wish I was dead!
I wish in business to be exact and open.
I wish to compare his writing with some that I have.
I wish to hear it at the window, then.
I wish we were all dead.
I wish you good day, and I hope you'll do well.
I wish you had been there.
I wish you were down here with me!
I wish you were more adaptable, Joan retorted.
I wish your ladyship good day.
I wished it could be terminated.
I woke up with a feeling of being suffocated.
I woke very cold and stiff about an hour after dawn.
I woke with a burning head and the sun glaring in my face.
I won a holiday to Australia.
I won't squeeze you tighter than I can help.
I wonder I never thought of that before.
I wonder if I’ve been changed in the night?
I wonder if it feels lonely.
I wonder if they’d give you milk in there?
I wonder what the row was about.
I wonder what they’ll do next!
I wonder what’ll become of my name when I go in?
I wonder you don't starve in your own way also.
I wondered if Scudder had turned in already.
I wondered if the man last night had seen that I recognised him.
I wore a fancy dress mask.
I work as a teaching assistant.
I work at the hospital as a paediatrician.
I work on data analysis and cleanup.
I worked hard on that!
I worked hard to absorb all of my notes before the exams.
I would bet Itchy and Scratchy are best friends in real life.
I would definitely take that with a pinch of salt
I would give my head to know where the leak is.
I would have given a thousand pounds to plunge my face into that.
I would like a meter of Yarn, please.
I would like to be a homeowner.
I would like to carve a wooden dolphin.
I would like to donate these books.
I would like to express my gratitude.
I would like to inform you that I am temporarily out of work.
I would like to request revisions.
I would love to take the car for a test drive.
I would not advocate it, sir.
I would not endure it.
I would not make you unhappy for all the world!
I would not pass another winter here for much.
I would not suffer it.
I would prefer not to get drunk.
I would rather be hanged in my own way.
I would rather be paid the compliment of being believed sincere.
I would rather say no more.
I would rather wear a seatbelt than be a crash test dummy statistic.
I would recommend a hasty sandwich.
I would suggest another approach entirely.
I would, of course, merely take him into consultation.
I wouldn't advise taking the shortcut
I wouldn't dare to deliver the product in that state.
I wouldn't do it.
I wouldn't dream of climbing down.
I wouldn't have done it, sir.
I wouldn't have wanted a different career, he said.
I wouldn't hurt you for the world.
I wouldn't like to lose anything by being taught wrong now.
I wouldn't trust him.
I wound up the coil of wires.
I wrote letters to my wife by hand.
I wrote to my sister, and here is her reply.
I zapped my contactless card.
I'd been thinking of adding a small pond to the estate.
I'd like to have the headline centred.
I'd like to order a large pepperoni pizza for delivery.
I'd like to speak with your manager.
I'd love a voice assistant that's locally hosted.
I'd love it.
I'd say there was going to be a glorious scrap.
I'd sell myself first.
I'd sooner have my chips back.
I'll be out of my head in fifteen minutes.
I'll be sitting here in my lonesome.
I'll come back to tea.
I'll create a virtualenv in this folder.
I'll do my best, but I can't promise.
I'll drink Earl Grey tea please.
I'll find a way to use them, never fear!
I'll give a thousand if you produce her, retorted Gregson.
I'll go at once for the Golden Cap.
I'll go over tomorrow afternoon.
I'll have a Taco, please.
I'll have a cappuccino please.
I'll have a flat white please.
I'll have a regular Espresso please.
I'll have an Espresso, please.
I'll have no more of your pipe-smoking and swaggering.
I'll have the cherry and plum flavoured drink please.
I'll have two beers, a pint of scrumpy and half a shandy please
I'll just apply that to your order.
I'll just leave them on this bench.
I'll look on Github for support.
I'll never forget what they did for me, as long as I live.
I'll never go another step in opposition to it.
I'll only be in the way.
I'll put in the capital and we'll share the winnings.
I'll read the Keras documentation this weekend.
I'll see to poor Hughie.
I'll see what I can do.
I'll see you there in half an hour buddy.
I'll tell you my own case.
I'll tell you what.
I'll tell you, Bertie.
I'll tell you, the librarian said with a brightening face.
I'm a big fan!.
I'm a defender for the football team.
I'm a hopeless romantic.
I'm afraid he doesn't care for me in that way.
I'm afraid of spiders.
I'm afraid that is in fact legal south of the river.
I'm afraid you've been having a sticky time.
I'm all in.
I'm all right enough.
I'm all tucked in and cosy.
I'm always up before the sun has risen.
I'm always writing for Ma.
I'm an Alumni of the University.
I'm an entry-level clerk.
I'm as good as a man, she urged.
I'm as hollow as the Grand Canyon.
I'm at home.
I'm away to Lincolnshire to bring that old lady here.
I'm confused it's like an enigma.
I'm convinced that she is related to me in some way.
I'm crawling with soul.
I'm distracted about it.
I'm drawing the line here.
I'm earning my degree in underwater basket weaving.
I'm engaged to Miss Bassett.
I'm excited about starting this new job.
I'm expecting a credit on my account.
I'm feeling rather sick!
I'm filtering the junk emails.
I'm finding it very difficult to adjust
I'm glad none of this is going to waste.
I'm gluten intolerant, and there are many foods that I can't digest.
I'm going down there with you, and I'm going to fight.
I'm going to bath the baby after tea
I'm going to call it a day.
I'm going to medical school.
I'm going to murder him.
I'm going to put the whole thing up to him.
I'm going to search this room from end to end.
I'm going to shove it off on to Gussie.
I'm going to study Neural Networks this weekend.
I'm going to take you there in a fortnight.
I'm going to tell you what I want you for.
I'm going to the market after school.
I'm guessing the approximate time is one o'clock.
I'm happy with this approach.
I'm having a crippling pain coming from my abdomen.
I'm having difficulty repairing the router.
I'm here for the placement interview.
I'm hooked on American football.
I'm hoovering the room.
I'm hopeless, and there's an end of it.
I'm hoping that Mozilla's Open Voice project will be successful.
I'm hoping that we'll be able to go skiing in January.
I'm in bed and starting to cough, unfortunately.
I'm in the process of acquiring a drivers license.
I'm looking to buy a Toyota Celica Coupe in black.
I'm named after my uncle.
I'm no black belt coder but I am persistent.
I'm not a philosopher, but I play one on television.
I'm not a silly young geezer.
I'm not blaming you, Jeeves.
I'm not doing anything Saturday evening.
I'm not drivelling.
I'm not fat.
I'm not fooling around guys.
I'm not going to falter despite losing.
I'm not going to let myself be fired.
I'm not going to risk that!
I'm not having this.
I'm not in a position to say.
I'm not loaded with dosh.
I'm not quite sure.
I'm not so sure about this block chain thing yet.
I'm not sure; I think the chances are about fifty-fifty
I'm not talking about Angela.
I'm not talking about your Scripture prize.
I'm not totally convinced!
I'm not vain.
I'm not worrying about them.
I'm not your personal butler, Jake.
I'm out washing today.
I'm parched. Let's have a cuppa
I'm playing a single hand in what looks like a losing game.
I'm predicted a grade A this semester.
I'm quite all right.
I'm reading a fascinating detective story.
I'm really hoping it will be different this time.
I'm really not able to choose between them.
I'm rooting for you!.
I'm shaken all to pieces!
I'm so afraid he may be hungry, poor fellow.
I'm so busy, I need time to think.
I'm so glad to be part of this community.
I'm so glad we don't have to type in a ring-tone anymore.
I'm so happy at this meeting!
I'm so tired, I can't be bothered to move.
I'm somewhat sceptical of horoscopes and tarot card readers.
I'm sorry but we must leave now.
I'm sorry, Bertie, I didn't hear.
I'm sorry. I beg your pardon.
I'm starving. Shall we get some fish and chips at the chip shop?
I'm still good friends with my ex-husband.
I'm struggling to begin writing my novel.
I'm sure I'm surprised at that.
I'm sure going along with you all, Elijah.
I'm sure she is dreadfully upset.
I'm sure the government had given them an unqualified promise.
I'm sure to blow up in my lines.
I'm surprised at you, young Angela.
I'm talking about this man.
I'm the acquisition manager.
I'm working on it.
I'm working on strengthening my arms.
I'm writing my essay on municipal internet.
I've been experiencing Vertigo.
I've been granted an honorary degree.
I've been listening to the future maker's podcasts by Oxford University.
I've been online gaming all night.
I've been putting in a lot of solid thinking about it.
I've been saying something similar for years.
I've been through that sort of thing once.
I've been timing my speech, and it lasts five seconds.
I've been transferred between offices a dozen times already.
I've dished myself there completely.
I've enough to endure without being tutted at.
I've found Firefox runs faster than Chrome.
I've gone off the rails.
I've got a high pair as belonged to mother.
I've got a horrible cold today.
I've got engaged three times at Brinkley.
I've had a lot of fun out of it.
I've had a speech impediment since childhood.
I've just been reading it. What about it?
I've just been seeing Tuppy.
I've just been talking to Tom.
I've known her my whole life.
I've lost the best cook to England.
I've never been away for longer than a week.
I've never been into bars I prefer activities instead.
I've never been to Beverly Hills.
I've never been to Japan.
I've never had that distinction.
I've never seen the Pacific Ocean.
I've never touched a drop in my life.
I've no idea who he is: just some Joe Bloggs
I've often wondered how that gag was worked.
I've probably forgotten how to ride.
I've recommended it to Tuppy.
I've spent the weekend on R and R.
I've told my girls that they ought to be aiming higher.
I've turned my life around.
I, I beg pardon, he drawled.
I, too, Mr. Ricardo, have artistic inclinations.
I, too, have been thinking of what will become of Celia.
I, who have valued myself on my abilities!
I, who knew what he was.
Ibrahim is a member of the board of directors.
Ice hockey players literally walk on water.
Ice lollies are much nicer than ice cream cones
Idealism led him to philosophic anarchy, and his family threw him off.
Ideas are uncopyrightable.
Idle tales, you’ll say, and so say I.
If I ever needed a fighter in my life I need one now.
If I had any money, I don't know anything about it.
If I had ever learnt, I should have been a great proficient.
If I had had it, I should have hurried away.
If I may take the liberty to inquire.
If I meet her again I shall apologize, said Eileen.
If I might make a suggestion, madam.
If I relapse and go back to smoking, can you remind me?
If I twiddled my fingers, it was merely to assist thought.
If I was a betting man.
If I was out of the game it would be easily made.
If I were not dumb, you would be deaf.
If I were weak now, what had I profited by those mercies?
If I were you, I should do it in this rose garden.
If Pete threatens anyone again he ought to be sacked.
If a data scientist can program, a developer can do vice versa.
If a mass vehicle flaw is identified, a mandatory recall may be needed.
If a space ship fuel is depleted, does that mean they are stranded?
If he means this ironically, it may be truer than he thinks.
If he takes me anywhere, I must go.
If he was spinning me a yarn he could act up to it.
If he wishes to avoid seeing me, he must go.
If in doubt, check it out.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
If it be not so, let Mr. Darcy contradict it.
If it doesn't look out for yourself.
If it is any conciliation to you, the troll has been blocked.
If it wasn't for Dorothy I should never have had brains.
If life gives you lemons, make lemonade
If not, let's say our prayers and go to bed.
If only I had more confidence in Scudder’s judgement.
If only he can keep off newts.
If only he did not see her!
If only my friends could see me now!
If only you had heard of the telegram yesterday in time!
If she comes again, send her here.
If she could only free her lips!
If she had remained here, sir, she would have improved, no doubt.
If she refused this condition now she would excite her to a terrible suspicion.
If so, excuse my giving you unnecessary trouble.
If so, it were better that he knew nothing.
If something seems too good to be true, you need to be sceptical.
If something were to happen to you, it would devastate me.
If something worth is doing, it's worth doing right.
If that chimney continues to lean to the left, it's going to collapse.
If that's her name.
If that's responsibility, I am responsible.
If the algorithm does not behave as expected, contact the supplier with feedback.
If the cupboard held such deadly explosives, why not the boxes?
If the data does not change often use caching.
If the hat fits, then wear it!
If the murderer did not buy it, how did he obtain it?
If the product is deficient in any way, please contact us.
If the world was to stop spinning today, we would all cease to exist.
If there is extraterrestrial life out there, they've probably already turned back around.
If there's anything you need, just ask
If they come much closer, they'll be within spitting distance.
If they don't stop, why should I?
If they thought they could get the information in Paris they would try there.
If we can save even one life, then it would be worth it.
If we design it that way.
If we examine the data, we find errors were logged on consecutive days.
If we first conceptualize and critique it, we can make it happen.
If we have foresight over what consumers like.
If we keep changing the requirements at this stage, we risk compromising the deadline.
If we look after the world and each other.
If we work together we can transcend differences.
If wormhole technology existed maybe the universe would be a much smaller place.
If you accept my service, you will not repent it.
If you are affected by this, please let us know.
If you are always cold, you should wear a vest under your shirt
If you are posting something valuable you should pay for recorded delivery
If you are stupid enough to do that, I can't guarantee your safety.
If you are unsure a link is genuine, search on Google.
If you believe me, I swung along that road whistling.
If you can afford it, take a taxi rather than a bus
If you can assist, please write a cheque.
If you chuck a ball the dog will usually fetch it back for you.
If you combine these items into one order, you can save on postage.
If you compare yourself with others, you may become vain or bitter
If you continue making such a racket, you will be asked to leave.
If you continue to berate our staff we must ask you to leave.
If you continue working hard like this, I can approve your promotion.
If you could go back, what would be your ideal profession?
If you do not object I think their assistance may be useful.
If you do such a thing again, I’ll have you buttered!
If you don't believe me, I'll prove it to you!
If you don't believe me, you need to read the article yourself
If you don't care who gets the credit.
If you don't like it, I can't help it.
If you don't mind, I think I'll be going in.
If you don't stop it manually, the next video clip will autoplay.
If you don't want skin cancer, remember to apply your suncream regularly
If you don’t know what that is, look at the picture.
If you encrypt your hard drive you need to remember your password for decryption.
If you go along it, you come to a pond.
If you go swimming regularly, you can call yourself a swimmer.
If you had listened more carefully, you would have heard me.
If you had to use an image processing program, would you choose Photoshop?
If you have a headache you might want to take a paracetamol
If you have a headache, you can take a paracetamol or an aspirin
If you have anything to say, say it, say it.
If you instruct children with patience, they learn quicker.
If you knew Brinkley Court, you would not ask that question.
If you know what you mean, that's quite enough.
If you look closer the asymmetries become apparent.
If you mean to insinuate -- Brentwood began hotly.
If you need a telephone number, it’s best to call directory enquiries
If you never quit, eventually you will arrive at your goal.
If you notice a suspicious website and are certain it is fake, report them.
If you only could know how I thank you.
If you opened the skylight, he could jump in.
If you pay peanuts, you only get monkeys.
If you please.
If you see symptoms of someone having a stroke call one-one-two immediately.
If you take the handbrake off, the car is likely to roll away
If you think I like it, you jolly well mistake yourself.
If you think so, guardian, it is right.
If you want a quick break you can put it into snooze mode.
If you want to book tickets, just pop a cheque in the post.
If you want to travel by underground, first find the nearest tube station
If you want to wrap food, then clingfilm is extremely useful
If you were shipwrecked on a deserted island, how would you survive?
If you're going camping, don't forget to pack your towel, flannel, and pyjamas
If you've made a typing mistake you can correct it with Tippex
If your love interest turns you down, don't harass them.
If your ship breaks down, share your geographic coordinates.
Iliac artery.
Illuminating oil was becoming all profit.
Illustrate a cat.
Images used on Wikipedia are normally stored in its image repository, Wikimedia Commons
Imagine our surprise.
Implacable resentment is a shade in a character.
Importance may sometimes be purchased too dearly.
In Britain we say Anti-clockwise rather than Counterclockwise
In Britain, A-levels are taken in the sixth form
In Britain, a furnace is known as a central heating boiler
In Britain, a grocer sells general groceries
In Britain, an overpass is known as a flyover
In Britain, mains power is typically supplied at two hundred and thirty volts
In British English, brackets are the same things as parentheses
In Celia's mind there was still the one desperate resolve.
In England, County Record Offices act as local repositories.
In England, car owners must pay a vehicle excise duty tax.
In England, most criminals are dealt with by the Magistrates’ Courts.
In February it will be our anniversary.
In Germany it is illegal to deny the holocaust.
In Japanese tradition, the number four is often considered to be unlucky
In Switzerland, hardly a glance, hardly a word.
In a bittersweet turn of events, the brothers reunited after their mother died.
In a deep, dark and desolate place.
In a dreadful suspense she heard the woman speak in a hushed, awestruck voice.
In a flash Philip followed its direction.
In a flash he was on his feet, facing him.
In a frenzy she tried to shake her head free.
In a good cause one is prepared to suffer.
In a maze of wild fancies I heard the street door close behind him.
In a moment she would be free.
In a nutshell, a car is a motorized vehicle.
In a safe in her bedroom, monsieur.
In a second there would have been the deuce of a wreck.
In a voice of sonorous complaint on the instant of his rising.
In a way he is my protege.
In a word, defeatist.
In actual fact, the dog did not eat his homework.
In addition, we found unique formations in this section of the rock.
In all his life he has never bred a single butterfly.
In all honesty, I haven't got a clue what he said.
In an instant Adele's head was out of the window.
In an instant the lights were out.
In anger, he floored his love rival.
In any case we must not be hard on him.
In company with them we will inspect the villa.
In consequence of the judgment I expect being shortly given.
In consequence of the necessity of attending on him.
In decent conversation there is always a reticence.
In essence, it will make our community an inviting place to live.
In everything else she is as good-natured a girl as ever lived.
In fact, I don’t believe that pudding ever will be cooked!
In fact, I thought his whole performance in the most perfect taste.
In fact, I'm pretty sure I would.
In fact, I'm sure he was.
In fact, he said, he had no head for detail.
In fact, you will be killing two birds with one stone, sir.
In front of her eyes the darkness whirled, flecked with fire.
In general, no.
In geography, I learned the difference between arable and pastoral farming.
In half an hour’s time a figure came out that I scarcely recognized.
In her haste to get away she had forgotten these things.
In her later years she used to ride a motorbike
In her third term at uni she decided to take up kickboxing
In here you can interact with avatars from around the world.
In his anxiety and solicitude and love they did not count.
In his left hand was a small book with a finger marking the place.
In it there was something that was almost tragedy.
In it was the joy of life.
In light of recent developments, the meeting is postponed until tomorrow.
In longing hopelessly for these dainties I fell asleep.
In many cases, Refugees were highly educated professionals in their former home nation.
In moments of mental energy Philip was restless.
In most countries, petrol is sold in litres
In my opinion, doughnuts take a lot of beating.
In one of the windows.
In order to jumpstart a car you are going to need jump leads
In partnership with Daylight, the pair raided the San Jose Interurban.
In practice, this is rarely done.
In rare circumstances its necessary to be brutally honest but respectfully.
In seeing Bingley, her thoughts naturally flew to her sister.
In short, I had come down on purpose.
In short, a notable outsider, shunned by all.
In short, my joyous individualism was dominated by the orthodox bourgeois ethics.
In some countries it is not legal to drink alcohol until twenty-one
In some places, American football is snarkily called hand-egg.
In spite of his education, he didn't know that seventeen was a prime number
In spite of their absurdity the words affected Philip curiously.
In statistics we need to distinguish between false positives and false negatives
In such a tumbling of values was no time to sell.
In that case he could not miss them, if he used caution.
In that case you will send me to the prison, perhaps?
In that case, move elsewhere.
In that respect his friend had greatly the advantage.
In that shape ran Harry's thoughts.
In the Bohemian Club of San Francisco there are some crack sailors.
In the United Kingdom we use the spellings fuelled and fuelling.
In the United States, Thanksgiving is on the fourth Thursday of November.
In the United States, cornflour is known as cornstarch
In the Victorian period gin was a very popular drink for the working class
In the back room up there.
In the backdrop, the family was recovering from the loss.
In the bathroom there is a sink, bath, toilet and bidet.
In the business part of the proceedings he carried all before him.
In the car were Unwin and Harrison, while Jones sat with the chauffeur.
In the carotid artery.
In the company's infancy, it only had three workers.
In the crib the baby sat up and began to prattle.
In the doorway the driver of the cab was standing.
In the eastern desert, it is less hot.
In the end, they triumphed over the other team.
In the final chapter of his life, he pursued philanthropy projects.
In the future, large companies will dis-intermediate to compete with smaller agile companies.
In the future, we may have bionic organs when our natural organs fail us.
In the latest news I found a further instalment of the story.
In the matter of curry she is a sheer genius.
In the matter of gravy he is adamant.
In the matter of your mess-jacket, sir.
In the north as we came down, sir.
In the open ways of the Park I put on a spurt.
In the picture he saw each moment a greater resemblance to Jeanne.
In the post-orange-juice era?
In the present instance, there is absolutely nothing to say 'Sir?'
In the rooms, I suppose?
In the salon darkness had come.
In the spring, the former sowed his seeds.
In the video, a man stops to let a cat cross the street.
In these circumstances, conversation inevitably flagged a bit.
In these romantic surroundings.
In this danger Kitty also is comprehended.
In this example, the girls are the clear winners.
In this family we are all children, and I am the youngest.
In this image, we can see a dwarf star.
In this paper, the authors examine health, wealth and inequality.
In this school we allow our students to hone their natural skills and flourish.
In this society, she reigns supreme.
In this time of modernity, knowledge is abundant.
In this very garden.
In those romantic surroundings you can't miss.
In times of despair, look out for the helpers and you will find hope.
In times of tragedies, look for the helpers and you will see hope.
In twelve hours she was very ill. And Charley did not die.
In understanding, Darcy was the superior.
In what bucolic school of fence he had been taught was beyond imagining.
In what imaginary act of friendship can you here defend yourself?
In, and of itself, it would have little impact.
Increment the order quantity if you require more than one item.
Incumbents almost always win the elections.
Indeed I was in better spirits than I had been for months.
Indeed, I know he did.
Indeed, I went to the river.
Indeed, Jane, you ought to believe me.
Indeed, he came in and turned our conversation.
Indeed, he did not look towards Harry's face at all.
Indeed, he married her for love.
Indeed, you said rightly, monsieur — she was clever.
Industrial automation is an essential component of a factory.
Initial readings indicate an influx of toxic chemicals.
Innovation takes perspiration.
Instantiate an instance of the Person class.
Instead of pouring unused water down the sink, collect it and water the garden.
Instead, he arrived on the night of the second day.
Instead, he joined her; and they ate like two hungry children.
Intellectual property includes patents, trademarks and designs
Interested people have perhaps misrepresented each to the other.
Intergalactic transport has not been invented yet.
International humanitarian law was established to protect the people.
Interpretability in machine learning models helps us understand what decisions really mean.
Invest with me, and I can ensure good profits.
Investing in small business startups nationally could catalyze growth in the economy.
Investment in startups has catalyzed innovation and entrepreneurship in the village.
Investment on our self can yield more opportunities.
Investors didn't have an appetite for risk after losing money.
Investors want a tangible return on investment.
Irrespective of what operating system you use.
Is 'acrid' the word I want?
Is 'propinquity' the word you wish, sir?
Is anybody keeping an audit trail?
Is anything the matter, Dahlia, darling?
Is enrolment open for the lecture in London?
Is he a good doctor, my love?
Is he going to have a stag night before the wedding?
Is he in receipt of housing benefit?
Is he still upset about that income-tax money?
Is it a bad thing to be a perfectionist?
Is it a go or no-go?
Is it a secret, sir?
Is it alive?’
Is it because we are invited?
Is it blank cartridge or ball?
Is it by that train that she will come?
Is it chalked upon the walls and cried in the streets?
Is it economical?
Is it far from here?
Is it fear or is it anger now?
Is it gluten-free?
Is it not clear enough?
Is it not dangerous to sit in so exposed a place?
Is it not, therefore, probable that she usually wore them?
Is it safe now, mother?
Is it something I said?
Is it tax-deductible?
Is it true that you cheated when you won that Scripture-knowledge prize?
Is it true, then, what Adele said?
Is it two days?
Is one to have no privacy?
Is she going to have a hen night before the wedding?
Is she handsome?
Is she married, my dear?
Is someone there?
Is that Pat Hanrahan's mug looking hungry and willing.
Is that a bargain?
Is that a pretty affair? Is that convenient?
Is that a television or a radio aerial?
Is that a translation, or merely a transliteration?
Is that an open source document, or is it copyright-protected?
Is that based on psychology?
Is that crazy or what?
Is that door locked, Jeeves?
Is that even legal?
Is that man over there sitting or lying?
Is that program proprietary software, or is it open source?
Is that understood?
Is the attorney's presence necessary tomorrow, Sir?
Is the hand not always pointing there?
Is the man born yet, is the spade wrought yet?
Is the restaurant accessible for the disabled?
Is the wind in the east today?
Is the world is a better place than it was fifty years ago?
Is there a chimney on fire?
Is there a cooker in the kitchen?
Is there an app version of this website?
Is there any Capital Gains tax due on this sale?
Is there any chance that you could chair the meeting?
Is there any difference between the words Upcoming and forthcoming? she asked
Is there any one in view at present?
Is there any room for negotiation?
Is there anything on your mind?
Is there anything that you require of me?
Is there no compensation for miscarriages of justice?
Is there no one who can help me?
Is there nothing you could take to give you present relief?
Is this a hard water or a soft water area?
Is this a healthy place to live in, Richard, do you think?
Is this a vegan product?
Is this all you have to say?
Is this amusing for me? You think I like it?
Is this area good for children?
Is this edible?
Is this free from gluten?
Is this gluten-free?
Is this international movie dubbed or subbed?
Is this just towards her?
Is this mashed potato or mashed swede?
Is this our previous understanding?
Is this place of abomination consecrated ground?
Is this some sort of test?
Is this suitable for vegetarians?
Is this true concerning the poor girl?
Is this your young attendant?
Is your camera a Canon or a Nikon?
Isaac Ford, the austere soldier of the Lord, the old hypocrite.
Isaac Newton was indisputably a genius.
Islam means peace.
Isn't it a beauty?
Isn’t that grand!
Isn’t that name a bit authoritarian?
It almost choked me, and I couldn’t answer when my partner spoke.
It appeared to me that his industry was all misdirected.
It appears that you have gone and got engaged to the latter.
It appears to be true.
It asked me, would I be the mistress of Bleak House.
It beat me why she hadn't done it already.
It became her turn to listen.
It became immediately apparent this was an affluent area.
It came as a complete surprise. However, there it is.
It came involuntarily, for in a moment it died, and he passed on.
It came, then, into her possession last night.
It can be improved; I know that.
It can be proved, sir.
It can be readily imagined.
It can't be eighty.
It cannot be concealed from anyone.
It cannot last long.
It comes at a high price.
It contains Zucchini.
It contains courgette.
It could be an awful lot worse.
It could not be that Harry was guilty.
It creates high-resolution images.
It depicted a flawed and failed utopia.
It did better than that.
It did make her look like a Pekingese.
It did sound rather thin.
It does as well as anything else, for a time.
It does depend on how quickly the item is delivered.
It does her credit, Mat!
It does not mean you have forgotten the people you love.
It does, was her audacious answer.
It doesn't cost a penny to be nice.
It doesn't cost a penny to smile.
It doesn't hurt to be nice.
It doesn't hurt to be polite.
It doesn't matter now.
It drew him forth sooner than I expected.
It drew up at the door, and there was the sound of people alighting.
It drowned all sound that brute agony and death may have made.
It failed validation.
It fairly clubbed me into recognizing it.
It feels comfortable when you adjust the car seat to recline.
It felt as if his arguments were going to be repeated ad infinitum
It felt like a jolt.
It gave me the numerals for the principal consonants.
It generally gets a hand.
It gives me pain to speak ill of Darcy.
It glistened so gaudily in the blaze of sunlight.
It had a placebo effect.
It had a serene melody.
It had been a close shave, but I had been in time.
It had the shape of a Prism.
It had, indeed, sunk half an inch into the soft ground.
It happened a minute after the permit expired.
It happened many years ago in Senegal.
It happened one dark and stormy night.
It happened to him at the Gallina Society in Oakland one afternoon.
It has a Swiss stamp.
It has a cascading effect.
It has a children's design.
It has a dual overhead cam engine.
It has a million megapixels.
It has an Arm processor.
It has an eight-core processor.
It has an irresistible attraction for him.
It has aroused all the dogs in the neighbourhood, who bark vehemently.
It has been open a long time!
It has been renewed no end of times.
It has been smouldering like that ever since it was lighted.
It has been tested for validity.
It has been too long since I last saw my grandfather.
It has been too terrible.
It has connected him nearer with virtue than with any other feeling.
It has distressed me ever since.
It has its own times and places in my story.
It has known faults.
It has not changed your mind.
It has twenty phenotype features.
It has upset him very much.
It hid its secret well.
It is Harry's glove; there are his initials stamped upon the lining.
It is Mr. Bingley, I am sure!
It is a binary star system.
It is a blessing in disguise.
It is a conglomerate organization.
It is a costume for a mood of quiet reflection.
It is a freehold house.
It is a good property, and worth more than that.
It is a grievous affair to my poor girls, you must confess.
It is a joint project with the Internet Archive.
It is a large key, but the keys of prisons are larger.
It is a mechanical clock.
It is a mechanized clock tower.
It is a moot point.
It is a pity they are not handsome!
It is a profound technology revolution.
It is a quartz clock.
It is a rare Phenomenon.
It is a rare wine now.
It is a real possession in the changing fortunes of time.
It is a recurring philosophical suggestion.
It is a retired situation.
It is a rudimentary design but still flies.
It is a single cam engine.
It is a slow, expensive, British, constitutional kind of thing.
It is a sub-type.
It is a timeless quote.
It is a transient error.
It is a truth universally acknowledged.
It is a very tenable hypothesis, and will bear looking into.
It is a widely discussed topic in academia.
It is all as clean as a plate.
It is all over here.
It is all the same to me, sir.
It is all, all over.
It is almost enough to make one pity him.
It is almost past belief.
It is also an insidious, deceitful sun.
It is among their dignities.
It is an abandoned Quarry.
It is an aesthetically pleasing structure.
It is an amalgamation of the source material.
It is an ephemeral video.
It is an imaginable idea and could work.
It is an industry standard.
It is an insular community.
It is an unknown entity.
It is an uphill challenge for new parents to supervise children online.
It is analogous to a flying bird.
It is at the bottom of their troubles.
It is barely nine.
It is best to be candid about this, don't you think?
It is better if the market is not consolidated by the few.
It is better than having bailiffs banging on the door for it.
It is better to not say anything at all.
It is better to repay the debt early.
It is by no means all right.
It is certainly too bad! said the tender hearted Woodman.
It is close at hand.
It is conceivable the burglar broke in through the back door.
It is crucial to write your name on an exam paper!.
It is dependent on how quickly the bank will approve my mortgage application.
It is deplorable how few.
It is designed and guided, like the human mind.
It is disgraceful to the electors.
It is dog eat dog, and you ate them up.
It is easier to implement Artificial Intelligence ethics from the start.
It is easier to treat a tumour before it has metastasized.
It is easy to lose traction while driving over ice.
It is easy to set such a dish on the table.
It is eight o'clock now, and the day is fast drawing in.
It is eminently respectable, and likewise, in a general way, retainer-like.
It is entirely your prerogative.
It is essential to wear a helmet before riding a bike.
It is evident that dancing would be difficult.
It is evident that you belong to the first circles.
It is fifty years old.
It is for some people.
It is for them we have to search.
It is forbidden for students to be in the hall.
It is forecast to rain hailstones tomorrow, be careful.
It is geographically located five hundred miles south-east.
It is good practice to commiserate the losing team.
It is growing, every day, every hour.
It is he who encourages me.
It is highly improper.
It is hubris to assume we know it all.
It is imperative you apply before the deadline.
It is impossible for me to be impartial.
It is impossible that it can be accidental!
It is impossible.
It is in the hands of my solicitor.
It is incomprehensible that someone would pick a Beetle over a Porsche.
It is inhumane to do it this way.
It is intrinsic to the design.
It is just as he chooses.
It is kind of you to ask, darling.
It is merely the simple superlative.
It is muffled and dreary.
It is my great privilege to pronounce you husband and wife.
It is near here? — the Villa Rose?
It is nearly dinner-time.
It is necessary to be cordial when dealing with guests.
It is nine degrees Celsius.
It is no extenuation.
It is no longer fit for purpose.
It is no longer your secret.
It is not a large world.
It is not an attempt to smash the market.
It is not easy to orchestrate the world cup arrangements.
It is not for me to be driven away by Mr. Darcy.
It is not for your ears.
It is not immutable.
It is not likely ever to recover its tone.
It is not right that she should laugh!
It is not right, and I must not recognize it.
It is not the birthday of one of the three children.
It is not the enemy without that we have to worry about.
It is not to be thought of.
It is not your fault that you have sprained your brain.
It is now possible to digitize historic landmarks into the virtual world.
It is of all subjects my delight.
It is of no consequence.
It is one Mr. George, it appears.
It is only a letter of instruction, sir.
It is open again at twelve.
It is our civic duty to look after our elderly.
It is possible for an algorithm to be fair.
It is possible that in the future I may seek it again.
It is probably going to rain tomorrow.
It is quite a bower in the summer-time.
It is quite all right, Jeeves, quite all right.
It is quite still and silent.
It is really too distressing.
It is regrettable that she has lost.
It is rude to curse.
It is saplings that sway, I believe.
It is set in an alternate version of the present.
It is so very difficult to keep her from the door.
It is so very unusual to find you here at this hour.
It is some very different dishes of fish.
It is somebody's birthday tomorrow, I think.
It is still a beautiful world.
It is such weary, weary work!
It is the best you can do for everybody's sake.
It is the biggest telescope in the world.
It is the epitome of love.
It is the fire, partly, she said.
It is the nearest refuge.
It is the raw language of the computer.
It is therefore from the head of our unknown woman.
It is thoughtful, gloomy, concentrated.
It is three degrees to the Fahrenheit.
It is time we were dressing for dinner.
It is to be carried to the churchyard in the evening.
It is too late.
It is true I hesitate.
It is true they are not particular at the Swiss Frontier.
It is twenty-five minutes after its time this afternoon.
It is unaccountable!
It is unethical and illegal to indict an innocent person.
It is unknown how long it will take.
It is upstairs.
It is useless to resist.
It is very doubtful whether Judy knows how to laugh.
It is very little all right.
It is very often nothing but our own vanity that deceives us.
It is very plausible to such people, a most convincing hypothesis.
It is what I should revel in myself.
It is what everybody says.
It is what is known as a gesture.
It is with reference to the chef.
It is, indeed!
It is, then, something belonging to her.
It isn't a question of saying 'boo' to a goose.
It issued a rate of forty two dollars a car on charcoal.
It just describes him.
It just got real.
It just takes all the heart out of one.
It lacked character from an aesthetic perspective.
It lasted as a deterrent for two days.
It left an imprint in his mind.
It lifted up both its paws in surprise.
It lit up the whole room.
It lived in perpetual apprehension of that quarter of the compass.
It looked like a small right-angled triangle
It looks as if it was born yesterday.
It looks as though my plan will be scuppered by Ian and Francis.
It looks timidly for an explanation.
It made Miriam feel as if he were trampling on her.
It made me angry, dear.
It made me dizzy.
It made me for some part of that night most uncomfortable.
It makes me weep to see these fields covered in concrete.
It makes most people unhappy.
It makes the perfect gift.
It matters very little now.
It may be all right.
It may be difficult to make an algorithm completely bias-free.
It may be her hand carelessly counterfeited.
It may be her hand disguised.
It may be lost by another accident.
It may be that he had other views for his son.
It may frighten her.
It may have been seen; it must be somewhere.
It might not be edifying and, poor woman, she is dead.
It might seem as if costs were my object.
It must be a cultural difference.
It must be a strange state to be like Jo!
It must be his own doing.
It must not be thought of.
It needs help till it has turned the corner.
It never can be forgotten.
It never occurred to me.
It never will be more.
It no longer matters.
It now bled again.
It occurred to me that there would have to be an accounting.
It occurred to me you've been going the extra mile. Thank you!.
It only came from my heart.
It only costs five Euro for a straw hat.
It only needed Aunt Dahlia after them, shouting "Yoicks!"
It only takes ten nanograms to kill a human.
It ought not to deceive a child.
It pains me to offend you.
It printed duplicated photos.
It rained heavily last night.
It really doesn't have to be like that
It really doesn't matter either way.
It reminded me of one of those forgotten little stations.
It reminded me of the time we saw the ghoul.
It requires no discernment to perceive that he is warmed and refreshed.
It resembled tea less than lager beer resembles champagne.
It resounds with me.
It restores one's faith in post-war whisky.
It runs in the family.
It said, "What the devil are you crying for?"
It seemed as if she would never get to the nub.
It seemed as if the corroboration of this letter disappointed him.
It seemed like an innocuous decision but didn't go as planned.
It seemed nearer to him since he had seen and talked with Gregson.
It seemed the ordained order of things that dogs should work.
It seemed the utter-most of distance.
It seemed the words had no meaning for her.
It seemed to her hardly possible.
It seemed to me that the conversation was becoming difficult again.
It seems a hopeless business.
It seems hipsters have caught the innovation bug.
It seems like a strange pointing of the hand of God.
It seems like making a great disturbance about nothing particular.
It seems people are living in a dream world.
It seems to rest the spine.
It seems unkind to leave him, Esther.
It shall not be spoken of again.
It shimmered in the sunlight.
It shook the house, or so a man says who was passing.
It should have been the other way round.
It shut, and I was left alone again.
It sounded like a gas explosion.
It sounds like someone's firing a cannon.
It sounds thin to me, Wooster, very thin.
It still doesn’t sound very vegetarian.
It succeeded beautifully.
It takes Sir Leicester some time to ask this.
It terrifies me too much to think of it.
It took a considerable amount of time and effort.
It took all my resolution to stroll towards Trafalgar Lodge about half-past nine.
It took him half an hour to reach the edge of it.
It took some time to contextualize and construct a plan of action.
It took the best part of an hour.
It took us a good hour to work through it.
It towered over the city.
It transpires that the council is going to defer installing a cycle lane.
It turned Celia's vague alarm into a definite terror.
It turned out the millennium bug was not a thing.
It used to take months to reach the Antarctic.
It uses a perceptron.
It uses logistic regression.
It uses support vector machines.
It wakes Mr. George of the shooting gallery.
It was Harry, and he buried his face in his hands.
It was I who brought her here.
It was Jeanne singing softly over beyond the rocks.
It was Robin Hood's secret hideout.
It was a Frenchwoman's.
It was a bargain she proposed — the impertinence of it!
It was a bargain she proposed — the value of it!
It was a barren land, no creature or man had tread upon it.
It was a beautiful little sea-anemone.
It was a big, bad wolf.
It was a bittersweet experience.
It was a blessing in disguise.
It was a breath of relief.
It was a closed landau.
It was a cold business, for I had neither coat nor waistcoat.
It was a curious coincidence.
It was a cute little puppy, with huge shining eyes.
It was a deep, dark and desolate place.
It was a difficult time, but we struggled through it.
It was a dramatical ending to a long drawn out play.
It was a dress of dark blue which suited her well.
It was a fast pace.
It was a gaping wound.
It was a gesture.
It was a gigantic inadequacy.
It was a golden crown.
It was a habit of his.
It was a half-baked idea, it would never have worked anyway.
It was a handsome modern building, well situated on rising ground.
It was a large canoe.
It was a large, well-proportioned room, handsomely fitted up.
It was a loud report that echoed and rattled heavily.
It was a lovely but ultimately terrible idea.
It was a meaningless translation.
It was a meeting of intellectuals and philosophers.
It was a mighty risk, but against it was an absolute black certainty.
It was a miracle, and I owe you my life.
It was a misnomer.
It was a morbid movie.
It was a parlour meanly furnished.
It was a picturesque old house in a fine park richly wooded.
It was a red herring bug caused by spurious data.
It was a rehashed movie that was already quite bad.
It was a revelation to me.
It was a rough enough weapon, but an effective one.
It was a self-fulfilling prophecy.
It was a small chance but our only one.
It was a song that always made him cry, he told us.
It was a superb picture.
It was a temptation, but he resisted it.
It was a thin piece of strong whipcord.
It was a thing to look at.
It was a tiny hamlet of only a dozen people.
It was a touring car, with the tonneau full of an assortment of baggage.
It was a very pretty creature, with lovely eyes.
It was a very transparent business, that meeting as cousins only.
It was a wilfully simple premise.
It was adapted from the bestselling novel of the same name.
It was agreed last month that everybody should pull their weight
It was all gone now.
It was all part of my ruse or scheme.
It was all pride and insolence.
It was all right, after all.
It was an aerodrome, and a secret one.
It was an afterthought.
It was an ancient yew, probably planted during the Victorian period.
It was an anonymous block of flats in London
It was an elderly lady.
It was an enormous snuff-box.
It was an immature thing to say, sorry.
It was an indirect consequence.
It was an otherworldly looking creature.
It was an overwhelming deluge of rain.
It was as if he were not glad to see Bertram.
It was as if she said, "I will come to your help."
It was as nothing to the speed with which he emerged.
It was as though a tornado raged in the room overhead.
It was at their house I was taken.
It was beating and waiting in the ambush of those black pits.
It was black as pitch, for the windows were heavily shuttered.
It was built of yellow stone, and was almost square in shape.
It was carefully worded.
It was clearly running high tonight.
It was concerning that rainwater had penetrated the roof and leaked inside.
It was drooping now, striking a sinister note.
It was easy not to see it, but I did see it.
It was edged with ice.
It was either him or me.
It was essential that we stopped for coffee.
It was evident they did not travel by the car.
It was exhilarating to be out in the open air once more.
It was extraordinary to him how constantly manners prevailed.
It was fine of you — fine and big.
It was forecast to snow last night.
It was gratifying to have inspired unconsciously so strong an affection.
It was half-past eight.
It was ham, I was to discover later.
It was hard to find the address from the vague description we had.
It was he who drove the motor-car!
It was here that you saw the light at half-past nine?
It was here, then?
It was his intention to return to Eileen and her father.
It was holding a green leather jewel-case.
It was impossible to buy tickets without having to queue at the box office
It was impossible to hoist sail and claw off that shore.
It was impossible to see clearly through the mist.
It was in a state of dilapidation quite equal to our expectation.
It was introduced by Representative Dick of Ohio.
It was just after daylight.
It was just as the shop was being closed.
It was just like a conjuring-trick, she thought.
It was just my profession.
It was just ten o'clock when we reached the Majestic.
It was like the beating of hoofs.
It was like this.
It was like your ill-nature.
It was long and thick.
It was lovely seeing them, but I am tired and tearful now.
It was manufactured on an assembly line.
It was money — always money.
It was more like sugar.
It was more than I could say for myself.
It was my idea to a tee.
It was my intention to have a word with Angela.
It was my reports from the north which chiefly induced people to buy.
It was neither one thing nor the other.
It was nine o'clock at night.
It was no good.
It was not Red-Eye's way to forego revenge so easily.
It was not a large lake, and almost round.
It was not a moment for petty economies.
It was not difficult to read the blushing, startled face.
It was not easy to baffle her, I can tell you.
It was not exactly a deportation.
It was not far, only at the summit of the hill.
It was not merely a passion — it was a creed as well.
It was not of the least use my trying to look wise.
It was not that she argued, or deducted, or inferred.
It was not that they looked different; they were different.
It was not there before.
It was not thought necessary in his family.
It was not until seven that the charwoman came.
It was not when we opened our hearts to you.
It was now authoritative and alert..
It was now eleven o'clock.
It was now nearly eight o'clock; the rain still held off.
It was of a pacific nature, and came as a great relief.
It was one of the high spots of my youth.
It was only by luck this planet was discovered.
It was only supposed to be an interim solution.
It was originally written as a screenplay.
It was our river emerging like ourselves from the great swamp.
It was out in a second, but it showed me one thing.
It was over at last, however.
It was over when he made his way through the ring of spectators.
It was pitch black, and they needed a torch to see where they were
It was plain that he was deeply stirred.
It was put together in a casual, helter-skelter sort of way.
It was quite true, as it soon appeared.
It was really a very handsome thought.
It was really cheap! Only a couple of quid!
It was reasonable, however, to hope that they would not continue long.
It was refreshing to sit in the cool breeze.
It was released to cinemas early in the New Year.
It was right there, in plain sight!
It was risks after all that he was chiefly greedy about.
It was sanctification and salvation.
It was saved by an accident.
It was she who was meant to discover the crime.
It was simple, in its way, and no virtue of his.
It was so good of her, and so encouraging to me!
It was so kind of you to come!
It was someone who recognised me, someone I have seen in the last month.
It was something he had not been able to hide before.
It was something, then, which she was concerned in hiding from them.
It was stated that he came for rest.
It was steel, a fisher trap.
It was taken lately, here?
It was that car.
It was that number.
It was the General who gave me my commission.
It was the act of a hound and a stinker.
It was the best tune I ever heard.
It was the entire company who sang.
It was the greatest compliment that he could imagine.
It was the last which she would have chosen.
It was the most appalling rot, too.
It was the principal weaving centre.
It was the same now.
It was the same way with our revolvers and rifles.
It was the smell that gave me warning.
It was the third or fourth time that Philip had heard MacDougall swear.
It was then disclosed in the following manner.
It was then that Helene ventured humbly upon a suggestion.
It was there I won my Scripture prize.
It was there-and-then that I caught it.
It was this proposition that started the big idea in Daughtry's mind.
It was through my carelessness.
It was too late to wish that!
It was towering over us.
It was true in essentials, too, though I altered the minor details.
It was unfortunate to hear your team lost.
It was unobtrusive, yet it was there.
It was very pretty and young, and the hair was fair.
It was very unfortunate for Richard, I said.
It was what she herself wanted — with other things.
It was while they were preparing to sing, before the sermon.
It was wrong in me to take it?
It was, it seemed to me, the end.
It was, therefore, the visitor's.
It was, was it?
It wasn't a cipher telegram.
It wasn't approved by the other lodgers.
It wasn't liked in the yard.
It wasn't to be.
It weighed more than the recommended limit.
It went well, all things considered.
It went well, and I wasn't surprised.
It went well; no question about that.
It will all fall into place when the pieces come together.
It will be all right at last, and then you shall see!
It will be as well to advertise for it.
It will be done in a jiffy.
It will be if Tom doesn't cough up.
It will be like leaping on to a moving bus.
It will be on Tuesday; there will be the three of us.
It will be quite easy.
It will be too late very soon.
It will break our hearts and our backs to hoist anchor by hand.
It will do me nicely.
It will make all the difference.
It will not be necessary, sir.
It will not be so noticeable there.
It will send your stock up with a jump.
It will take me about a day to curate a list of sources.
It won't be cheap, I take that isn't a concern?
It won't be for sale.
It won't take a minute!
It won't take you long.
It won’t be hard to prove our innocence.
It would be a catastrophe if the dam failed.
It would be a great deal better for us.
It would be a terrible waste if good items end up in a landfill.
It would be an easy little comedy to play.
It would be best if you asked him to arrange it.
It would be better not to keep them now.
It would be crazy to turn down that dream job.
It would be cruel if you had said no.
It would be daft to turn down the best job in the world.
It would be dreadful!
It would be fatal.
It would be futile for a beginner to challenge a grandmaster.
It would be great to have fewer rainy days.
It would be impossible to save the family credit for a day.
It would be impractical to manually read millions of emails.
It would be such a treat!
It would be the fine, big thing, old egg.
It would embody the principles and values we hold dear.
It would give me nervous prostration.
It would have been a welcome present.
It would have been all right but for that infernal dog.
It would have been far better not to have detained me.
It would help to tide me along until I got steady employment.
It would only be like you.
It would reach his ears from others.
It wounds the pride.
It'll blow a gale in the course of the night!
It'll do as well as anything else!
It'll do as well as anything else.
It's Valentine's Day!
It's a Yankee, Joan cried.
It's a balance of the two.
It's a brave new world.
It's a canine animal.
It's a delightful place.
It's a disaster. It's all gone pear-shaped
It's a film set in eighteenth century Europe.
It's a fine piece of art.
It's a good room!
It's a good thing time travel doesn't exist.
It's a great deal for what he has done.
It's a homogeneous city.
It's a long lane that has no turning.
It's a proprietary algorithm.
It's a robust motor, it never let me down.
It's a silly little story.
It's a system of harmony, in short.
It's a terrific idea, Bertie.
It's a two-pack offer.
It's aching for a different reason altogether.
It's all Greek to me.
It's all over.
It's all right as far as the boy's concerned.
It's all squared, you see, as I squared it myself.
It's always darkest before the dawn.
It's an auspicious day.
It's an excellent idea.
It's an inconvenient truth.
It's an octa-core processor.
It's an unalienable right.
It's an unreasonable proposal!
It's as good as another.
It's based on a true story.
It's been days since we've heard anything.
It's been years since I've seen you!
It's best to use washing-up liquid if you're going to wash the dishes
It's bound to work.
It's business, and I don't know business.
It's down the hall.
It's easier to give it than to withhold it.
It's either ours or theirs, I'm not sure which.
It's eleven o'clock by the bell of Saint Paul's.
It's embarrassing to admit, but that's me in the picture.
It's essential that we construct a sound and leakproof roof.
It's fairly simple to install wi-fi without professional help.
It's fine. What can possibly go wrong?
It's free to smile.
It's freezing outside!.
It's funny, and kinda true as well!
It's gaining momentum.
It's getting warmer; the ice is melting.
It's go-live day and we are deploying the app to the production environment.
It's happening at a speed unprecedented in recorded history.
It's hard to convey ideas in short one hundred and fifty character fields.
It's hard to estimate the value of a business that has no tangible product.
It's hard to overcome entrenched bad habits, but it can be done.
It's having the dickens of a time.
It's his tea-time, isn't it?
It's impossible to say whether she knows it or not.
It's in better keeping.
It's in the atria.
It's in the diary.
It's in the past.
It's in the showcase drawer.
It's in the southern hemisphere.
It's inconvenient —  and it comes expensive.
It's just a camera, take a closer look and you'll see for yourself.
It's just a title.
It's just the thing.
It's like looking for a needle in a haystack without a nail.
It's looking a bit chilly outside this morning.
It's more of a selfish reason.
It's necessary to know where the boundaries are when buying a new home.
It's no good threatening me. I can prove it!
It's no good trying to kid me, Bertie.
It's no good trying to satisfy me with promises.
It's no good, Bertie.
It's not a bug, it's a feature!
It's not a case of believing, but knowing.
It's not a chipmunk: it's a European grey squirrel.
It's not a ghost, it was probably a hologram.
It's not a thing you can do twice.
It's not agreeable, is it?
It's not as if I wanted a profession for life.
It's not clear the defendant had a fair trial.
It's not going to get me anywhere.
It's not in the immediate vicinity.
It's not mine; it's yours.
It's not on the checklist so we will not do that today.
It's not routine practice.
It's not that I don't or I won't.
It's ok to cry, let it out.
It's ok to productively shakeup the status-quo.
It's ok, don't hold back!.
It's ok, nothing earth-shatteringly groundbreaking.
It's on my nightstand.
It's on the eighteenth of the month.
It's on the eighth day of the month.
It's on the fifteenth day of the month.
It's on the fourteenth day.
It's only a question between the larger sum and the smaller.
It's only a superficial scratch.
It's only his indigestion I find fault with.
It's polite to smile.
It's possible to get involved in machine learning without any prior expertise in development.
It's possible to start a business without any capital.
It's pouring with rain today.
It's probably the first thing they'll think of.
It's quite all right.
It's reached a head now and is going to burst!
It's reassuring and encouraging to hear your words.
It's rude to stare at people.
It's simply monstrous how one's words get twisted.
It's something in the air.
It's sometimes faster to use multiple three-d printers.
It's still a bit early.
It's strange speaking to an inanimate object.
It's stuff and nonsense, George.
It's such uphill work, and it takes such a time!
It's that much junk.
It's the aurora borealis.
It's the most beautiful thing that ever was seen!
It's the old story.
It's the sort of thing you would do.
It's the strap hangers that'll keep us from going under.
It's the straw that broke the camels back.
It's the tip of the iceberg.
It's these moments that make the job worth it.
It's time I bought a watch.
It's time to change the narrative on cats and dogs.
It's time to settle down and put down roots.
It's traditional to eat candy floss at the seaside
It's way too late to go out now.
It's what all well-dressed bunnies are wearing this year.
It's worth eight dollars.
Italian Pasta is delicious.
Its banks were neither formal nor falsely adorned.
Its beak was short and hooked – probably a raptor.
Its diameter was not more than two hundred yards.
Its good to know the amortization of your mortgage to save money.
Its three occupants descended as if to stretch their legs, and sauntered towards me.
Its written in our fate.
Its written in our stars.
It’ll be easy enough managed.
It’ll come in handy if we find any plum-cake.
It’s a cravat, child, and a beautiful one, as you say.
It’s a plan of my own invention.
It’s a present from the White King and Queen.
It’s a synthetic plant.
It’s always the same.
It’s always worth stockpiling beer.
It’s an invention of my own.
It’s for the greater good, you have to make sacrifices.
It’s getting as dark as it can.
It’s like a penny novelette.
It’s lucky that I did not add homicide to my follies.
It’s more like a corkscrew than a path!
It’s my own invention—to keep clothes and sandwiches in.
It’s on my chain on the dressing-table.
It’s on the sixth aisle.
It’s out of temper, I think.
I’d far rather go without them than eat them!
I’d nearly forgotten that I’ve got to grow up again!
I’d rather have seen him gnash his teeth than smile so.
I’d sell my soul to be able to play better than him.
I’ll do both, as soon as I possibly can.
I’ll go bail for my nephew.
I’ll have to check it out.
I’ll have to remember to chase that up.
I’ll interfere in no quarrels between you and Nelly.
I’ll lock you into this room and keep the key.
I’ll miss you.
I’ll not hurt you.
I’ll see that nobody blabs, either.
I’ll see you clothed and fed and snug in bed.
I’ll tell thee everything I can; There’s little to relate.
I’ll trust you for the night.
I’ll try if I know all the things I used to know.
I’ll write to the Permanent Secretary at the Foreign Office.
I’m a great hand at inventing things.
I’m afraid I got a bit squiffy.
I’m an innocent man, but I’m wanted by the police.
I’m buying paintbrushes.
I’m contemplating buying gin.
I’m finally heading off.
I’m getting tired of this.
I’m going back home next week
I’m going to back you up.
I’m going to confide in you.
I’m going to tell you all your faults.
I’m mad. You’re mad.
I’m never going to get the hang of this.
I’m not going in again yet.
I’m not going to argue with you
I’m not mad — yet.
I’m not sure whether this pub offers accommodation
I’m not talking hot air, my friend.
I’m only borrowing your car for an hour or two.
I’m sure I shan’t be able!
I’m sure it’s got, oh, such beautiful things in it!
I’m too happy; and yet I’m not happy enough.
I’m very sorry he has failed.
I’m watching television with friends this evening
I’ve changed my mind
I’ve got an extra large meat lover’s pizza, without the meat?
I’ve got him now.
I’ve had you in my mind all this week when things got troublesome.
I’ve not had a bite to eat for two days.
I’ve simply got to go.
I’ve something pretty important to say to you.
Jack London, Waikiki Beach, Honolulu, Oahu.
Jack especially enjoyed mountaineering.
Jacob Brinker, who was his roadmate, brought the news.
Jacqueline has an ulcer on her bottom lip.
James McCarthy was an early pioneer of artificial intelligence.
James and Pat took the long way round.
James is on reception this morning
James sighed as he realized they were seated way back in row R.
Jane was by no means better.
Jane was not happy.
Jane was so admired, nothing could be like it.
Jane will be quite an old maid soon, I declare.
January was the least profitable month for the company.
Jason trained intensely to be the fittest he could be.
Jaywalking is a dangerous risk.
Jeanne and Pierre both gazed toward the great rock.
Jeanne was turning the bow shoreward.
Jeeves could tell you the word I want.
Jeeves did not suggest it.
Jeeves does that when I assert my authority.
Jeeves had nothing to do with it whatsoever.
Jeeves has told me everything.
Jeeves was there, laying out the dinner disguise.
Jeeves, I'm engaged.
Jeeves, let us get this clear.
Jeez, that's awful!
Jeff is a climate scientist and statistician.
Jemma is completely apathetic.
Jemma was a most wonderful mimic.
Jen is hiding from Bill.
Jennifer was distraught.
Jenny doesn't know her at all!
Jenny reminded us that politics is still news.
Jenny went to Italy last year.
Jerry was so secure in his nook that he did not roll away.
Jessie is a renowned comedian.
Jesus was a man that some some call Christ.
Jim picked her pocket while Fred created a diversion
Jim squatted down, struggling to keep his balance.
Jo follows her a pace or two into a quiet court.
Jo looks aghast at Mr. Bucket.
Jo slowly munches as he slowly tells it.
Jo stands staring, and is still staring when she recovers herself.
Jo vacuumed the living room.
Joan cried, with shining eyes.
Joan looked triumphantly at Sheldon, who bowed.
John Lewis’s television advert for Christmas was extremely popular
John and James competed in the race
John appears rather fed up today
John hated being late, and was always having to drag me out.
Johnny will forever be remembered for his victories in Fortnite.
Jolly fast he used to go too.
Jolly good, thank you.
Jon says that he will be resisting the pressure.
Josh, Dave and Stu are members of a boy band.
Joshua is the man that was brought here in a chair?
Joy to the world.
Judaism, Christianity and Islam are Abrahamic religions.
Judo is a form of martial arts.
Jujitsu and Judo are grappling sports.
Jujitsu is a form of martial arts.
Julia has a great sense of humour
Junk mail is a particular problem
Just Nature's remedy.
Just a frail latticed wooden door stood between her and them.
Just a little light digging.
Just about that distance, I should say.
Just as if some one was kissing the window all over outside.
Just as the Scarecrow had done.
Just as you say, old boy.
Just as you see them.
Just before I went to Cannes.
Just can't get the staff round here.
Just conjure up the picture in your mind, Jeeves.
Just for tonight, to please Aunt Dahlia?
Just had an afternoon nap.
Just hang on here for a moment.
Just joshing!
Just let me know what you think
Just let us know where we can find you.
Just like a whole set of fire-irons falling into the fender!
Just mentioned them.
Just on eight o'clock, sir.
Just one word, Mr Scudder.
Just put your luggage into the boot
Just sign right here and I’ll have that all squared away for you.
Just smiling slightly.
Just taking a stroll.
Just the same I'd sooner be myself than have book indigestion.
Just the very point I was working round to.
Just think of what work it would make with the day and night!
Just what he wants.
Justice delayed is justice denied.
Karen is an atheist.
Kate, Sophie and Liz have all decided to train as psychiatrists.
Katerina couldn't decide whether to have jam or marmalade.
Katie always frames her best photos, and hangs them on the wall.
Keep an eye on him.
Keep calm everybody, it's only a baby dragon.
Keep cooked meat and uncooked meat separate to avoid cross-contamination.
Keep him for the long winter evenings.
Keep interested in your own career, however humble
Keep it up!
Keep learning and you'll always be young.
Keep out of sight and reach of children.
Keep peace in your soul.
Keep quiet, little one!
Keep what up?
Keep your eyes peeled and stay sharp.
Keep your eyes peeled! I think they might be on their way.
Keep your temper, my good fellow, keep your temper!
Keith is a Scottish Presbyterian.
Keith is a really lovely guy.
Keith seized Sheila and Neil’s protein.
Keith's mouth formed a large O in surprise.
Kelvin is a scientific scale of temperature.
Keyword search engine optimization techniques are mostly irrelevant now.
Kidney stones could be avoided by regularly drinking water.
Kids get bored of toys way too quickly.
Kids love Yogurt.
Kids love fictional animated characters.
Kind regards.
Kindest to be frank and straightforward?
Kinetic energy can generate heat energy.
King Charles the First was executed during the English Civil War
King took every advantage he knew.
Kirsty didn’t like to mention it.
Kirsty might be able to do it; she has just come off her break.
Kiss and make up.
Kissing the tips of his fingers.
Kitchen roll is great for soaking up wine spills.
Kitty stared at him, and Lydia exclaimed.
Kitty, can you play chess?
Knead the dough until it is the shape of a ball.
Knowing him, I review the old Scandinavian myths with clearer understanding.
Knowledge of agriculture can enable people to become self-sufficient.
Lack of appetite!
Lack of growth is an indicator of stagnation.
Lack of investment in the community inhibited growth.
Lactose intolerance is caused by a lactase enzyme deficiency.
Ladies and gentlemen, I present Marvin the magnificent.
Lakes and rivers, hundreds of them, thousands of them.
Land registry records indicate this plot is owned by Miss Leah Martina.
Large software companies used to suffer from a not invented here syndrome.
Last night I dreamt that we had painted the living room.
Last night he showed all the symptoms of coming down with pneumonia.
Last night will have killed all that.
Lastly, it was no one, and I was no one.
Late in my pregnancy, I walked a little bit like a Penguin.
Lather, rinse and repeat.
Laughably simple, eh?
Laughter echoed through the circus.
Laughter is the best medicine.
Law and order to maintain the peace.
Law enforcement is an essential component of civil society.
Law firms competed to win over the large client.
Lawyers will litigate.
Learn to walk before you run.
Learning from experiment failures will lead to new discoveries.
Learning to play the piano was one of the best things I ever did
Leave all else to time, truth, and steadfastness.
Leave me, Bertie.
Leaving shore only possible at full tide.
Left to myself, there is nothing I would find a greater treat.
Lend me the oldest tweed suit you’ve got.
Lend you a handkerchief?
Lent lasts from Ash Wednesday to Easter Sunday, but not all Christians observe it.
Less is more.
Lest you think I am dead, I’m pleased to announce I'm not!
Let Wickham be your man.
Let her fail tonight, she would be surely turned from the door.
Let her fly away in a high wind on a broomstick!
Let her go, then.
Let her speak, my friend.
Let him attempt to do it on orange juice, and what ensues?
Let it go to the four winds for tonight.
Let it go.
Let me do it without further loss of time.
Let me have it then!
Let me hear from you very soon.
Let me know which one you'd prefer.
Let me mend it for you.
Let me outline it for you.
Let me review the facts.
Let me see, is this a chair?
Let me see.
Let me see—how is it to be managed?
Let me show you something interesting.
Let me stay a little while!
Let me tell you a little story.
Let me tell you a story about Bertie Wooster.
Let me think: was I the same when I got up this morning?
Let me try to make it more comfortable.
Let no expense be a consideration.
Let sleeping dogs lie, so the saying goes.
Let some one hold him back.
Let the young man wait.
Let them be taken with the old woman to the depot.
Let them down gently.
Let them go out and eat with my boys.
Let us begin at the beginning
Let us consider them!
Let us drink to somebody.
Let us drive to your hotel.
Let us face the position, forcing ourselves to be calm.
Let us formulate what we know.
Let us get this straight.
Let us go out into the garden; it will be cooler there.
Let us hear what happened on that terrible night.
Let us hope for better things.
Let us pray.
Let us run them for ourselves.
Let us satisfy her.
Let us see him here and have done with it.
Let us see how it works out.
Let us see that poor woman safely off.
Let us see the garage!
Let us see what she wore.
Let us take our seats at the table.
Let us take the case from the beginning.
Let us take the members of the household one by one.
Let us talk about something else.
Let us talk it over and find a way out.
Let us walk on.
Let's coordinate with the rest of the team and pick this up again later.
Let's get away for a nice holiday.
Let's go altogether to Disney Land.
Let's go and look for him!
Let's grab some grub.
Let's have a Gourmet meal.
Let's have a go at a tray bake.
Let's have fun and play charades.
Let's have it.
Let's hear it straight from the horse's mouth.
Let's leave the world a better place.
Let's not debate about topics that have already been settled.
Let's not dwell on the negative.
Let's not engage in a conversion of what about-ism.
Let's not engage in a conversion of what if-ism.
Let's not focus on the Minutiae details.
Let's pick this up again in a fortnight.
Let's see what's on at the city centre
Let's take a deep dive into it.
Let's take off. Where do you want to see?
Let's think about how we can make it better.
Let's touch base in the morning.
Let's use Anaconda for this project.
Lets just get the shot.
Letters of business, too!
Let’s drop the pretence
Let’s grab a snack bag.
Let’s pretend that you’re the Red Queen, Kitty!
Let’s pretend there’s a way of getting through into it, somehow, Kitty.
Librarians always cite their sources.
Libraries must become up to date with technology and help visitors learn new skills.
Libraries must find new ways to help people with their careers.
Lie down, and tell me.
Life is full of sadness, Jeeves.
Life is very sad, isn't it?
Life must must be sought within the confines of domestic bliss.
Life would be much easier if words were spelt phonetically.
Lighter coloured roads make cooler cities.
Like a bedspread.
Like a fairy princess.
Like a flash he launched himself into the feathered mass of the owl.
Like it or lump it.
Like older generations had to.
Like something lovely and fragrant laid away in lavender.
Like your own Macaulay.
Limited lighting made it a dark looking house.
Linear Regression, Calculus, Algebra, Bayesian statistics are ingredients of Machine Learning.
Lip balm will help you avoid chapped lips.
Listen and you'll hear all the bells in the city jangling.
Listen for the modulation to the tonic in bar three.
Listen then, if you please.
Listen to my voice and think carefully.
Listen to others, even to the dull and the ignorant
Listen to the patient.
Listen up everyone, we would like to make an announcement.
Listen! The ducks are quacking!
Listen, watch, examine — but no interruptions!
Little Samantha loves her blanket.
Little children can make the loudest noises.
Little girls love pink fairy cakes.
Little more than half a day's journey.
Live and let live, that's my motto.
Live and let live, we say to them.
Live upon your practical wisdom, and let us live upon you!
Lived universally respected, and died lamented.
Liver and onions.
Lizzy is only headstrong in such matters as these.
Lock the door — quietly — from the inside.
Logistically it's not possible.
London rattles one.
Long before it had taken place my opinion of you was decided.
Longer loan durations charge more interest.
Longer loan durations incur more interest, ideally use the shortest term you can afford.
Look about you till you find a nice, heavy stone.
Look and learn.
Look at that big fellow.
Look at that huge tidal wave.
Look at the great red sails!
Look round the room.
Look round you, my dear, and consider.
Look round you.
Look there's a parrot.
Look through the periscope.
Look, mistress, this is the key of my wine-cellar.
Look, the reinforcing ties have gone!
Look, there is a man loitering under the trees there.
Looking about me, however, I could discern no uncles.
Looking at him still, she pulls it to her and unlocks it.
Looking at the map, Linda realised that the two areas were contiguous.
Looking down at her face, his eye meets hers, and he stops.
Looking up, I saw my little maid shivering from head to foot.
Looks as if she knew all about it, don't she?
Looks were exchanged between parent and parent.
Lord Fitzhugh is the key to the whole situation.
Lord bless you, how healthy you look!
Lord, but I'm glad to see you again, Phil.
Lord, he's wonderfully like you!
Lord, how ashamed I should be of not being married before that age!
Lorry drivers often take their breaks at a transport cafe
Lots of men take women buggy riding.
Loudhailer and megaphone are alternative terms for bullhorn
Love had not turned her into a Puritan.
Love is a curious thing.
Love trumps hate.
Lovers were impracticable people.
Low bush whipped him in the face and left no sting.
Low-interest rates can encourage greater spending.
Low-skilled workers are at the risk of being replaced by automation.
Luck is where opportunity meets preparation.
Luckily, it is easy to protect your online privacy.
Lucy has two sisters and three brothers, all of whom love the countryside
Lucy was certainly lying when she said that.
Luddites are not supportive of technological advances to a degree.
Luke is a classical composer.
Ma's ruinous to everything.
Ma, I always hated and detested him.
Mab, she said.
MacDougall tapped his forehead suspiciously with a stubby forefinger.
MacDougall, my engineer, believes it.
Machine Learning algorithms should be designed for auditability.
Machine Learning can be used to predict and mitigate natural disasters.
Machine Learning experts work on improving the accuracy of algorithms.
Machine Learning will become an indispensable asset to all types of companies.
Machines with emotional intelligence will be valued in healthcare.
Madame believed it, and brought her home.
Madame had been very good to me.
Madame has her moods, is that not so?
Madame listened to her story of hunger and distress.
Madame was like a child.
Madame was so kind, so careless in her kindness.
Madame, however, was in too much of a hurry.
Madame, you are so amiable!
Madeline Bassett says she's going to marry me!
Madeline Bassett will be all over you.
Magnetic Resonance Imaging reveals the most subtle changes in our body.
Maintain your health while you have it, it's easier.
Maize is another word for corn
Make a clear beginning altogether.
Make arrangements to meet me at the bus stop tomorrow morning.
Make some attention a little.
Make sure to have the lastest drivers from Nvidia installed.
Make sure you can walk before you try to run.
Make sure you have the correct licence before reusing a copyright work
Make sure you use your indicator before changing lanes
Make your investments and pension work harder.
Make your report.
Make yourself at home, Jeeves, and give us the good word.
Malala is a Nobel laureate.
Malicious people attempt brute force techniques to penetrate websites.
Mamma would like to go too of all things!
Man could not conquer them.
Mankind must preserve the environmental ecosystem that sustains it.
Manuel had one besetting sin.
Many Western languages derive from Indo-European roots
Many a spectre would have been less slippy.
Many administrations have governed over this region.
Many families go to church on Sunday mornings.
Many fans think they're in love, but unfortunately that's not canon.
Many fears are born of fatigue and loneliness.
Many holidaymakers who travel abroad save money by buying a package holiday
Many househunters seem to love woodburning stoves.
Many libraries of knowledge have not survived the test of time.
Many nonreligious people are agnostic, although some are atheists
Many of his expressions were still fresh in her memory.
Many other similar disconcerting omissions will be noticed in the Manuscript.
Many parents find pushchairs very convenient
Many paths lead to the same destination.
Many people don’t realise that “anemone” has an m in the middle.
Many people enjoy the taste of pickle.
Many people find it difficult to remember a sequence of more than seven numbers
Many people find the word paradigm rather difficult to pronounce
Many people invest in stocks and shares
Many people think that vegetarians can eat fish, but they can't
Many persons strive for high ideals, and everywhere life is full of heroism.
Many pharaohs ruled over ancient Egypt.
Many states are now abandoning Daylight Saving Time.
Many thanks. I'm looking forward to it.
March was to take Elizabeth to Hunsford.
Mardi Gras is an extravagant event every spring in New Orleans.
Margarine is an alternative to butter.
Marge is short for margarine.
Maria needs to mind her own business.
Marie taught calligraphy.
Marie was a brave journalist.
Mark that word "unnecessary".
Mark the area of water with a buoy.
Marmie had not been slow in looking for his revenge.
Marry your long-term partner.
Marscapone cheese can be used in all sorts of foods.
Marthe had lit no light in her room.
Marthe was in the way.
Marthe, then, was following.
Mary Ann!’ said the voice.
Mary Poppins coined the catchy phrase Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious.
Mary assimilated ideas from the brainstorming session into her plan.
Mary brought her little lamb with her, wherever she went.
Mary fought before she slept.
Mary, apparently much relieved, hurried away with her message.
Masonry paint keeps the walls in good condition.
Mass deforestation is harming the wildlife ecosystem.
Mass production of items lowers the cost to produce it.
Massachusetts has established respected universities at the forefront of research.
Massage under tension, was the cryptic reply.
Material, my elbow!
Mathematics is the language of reality.
Maths and physics were my favourite subjects at school
Maths is the British abbreviation for mathematics
Maths skills are particularly useful for machine learning.
Matt always hated the staff meeting he was forced to attend every Wednesday
Matt decided to wait for a better offer.
Matthewson, who's this bookkeeper, Rogers.
Max is a fully qualified veterinarian.
May I ask a question?
May I ask you a question, Richard?
May I ask you a question?
May I go to the loo, Miss? said the little boy.
May I pick your brain for a moment?
May I speak of our old, worn love, this last time?
May be, I have not.
May drought destroy your crops.
May is a time of stress for many students.
May you be very happy!
May you long live to share it with me!
Maybe later.
Maybe not; still I don't like it.
Maybe we should circle back round to that barbecue idea?
Mayonnaise is an ideal condiment to Fries.
Mazda used to make cars with rotary engines.
McCoy found a stifling, poisonous atmosphere in the pent cabin.
McVeigh when he returns from a trip to Honolulu.
Me and Angela?
Means of transport must be tramp - unlikely - yacht, or fishing-boat.
Meanwhile I'll go out to breathe a spell.
Meanwhile, Helene, it must be said, burnt carefully Adele's letter.
Meanwhile, in the hall Helene locked and bolted the front door.
Meanwhile, of course, I made my inquiries into Harry's circumstances.
Meanwhile, the book has forced him to relive painful decisions.
Mediaeval is now more frequently spelled medieval.
Medical Science has made significant breakthroughs in recent years.
Medical equipment needs to be re-imagined and re-invented for low resource countries.
Meditation and awareness are essential elements in the practice of Zen Buddhism
Meet Kesha, she is our computer animator.
Men are queer fish.
Men in distress are apt to be a nuisance.
Men like Joe Goose dated existence from drunk to drunk.
Men of Selden's stamp don't stop at women and children.
Men were running, voices were crying questions.
Men who endure it, call it living death.
Men, women and children.
Mending our relationships can bring stability to our lives.
Mercedes screamed, cried, laughed, and manifested the chaotic abandonment of hysteria.
Mercy on me!
Messages sent to the server are acknowledgeable.
Metal wires conduct electricity and must be insulated.
Michael can do fifty press-ups without getting out of breath
Microplastics in our waterways can have catastrophic consequences on the ecosystem.
Microsoft dethroned Apple as the highest valued company.
Microsoft just announced they have open sourced their machine learning framework for dot net.
Microsoft wasn't known for openness but is now leading in open source.
Microwaveable chocolate cake
Midnight walks under the moon are beautiful.
Might it not prove a little worse than she expected?
Might she not look for her old Esther and not find her?
Mighty potentate replies, in effect: 'This is a sensible fellow.'
Mike and Ruth have been neglecting the garden recently.
Mike chopped down the tree that was spoiling the view
Mike got ordained on the internet last week.
Mike is an agnostic.
Millions of pounds of public money has been wasted.
Mind you do it thoroughly, and don't loiter.
Mind you, she said, it's not real gold.
Mine, of course, I mean.
Mint tea has a refreshing taste.
Miriam already began to suffer.
Miriam and her brother were naturally antagonistic.
Miriam brooded over his split with her.
Miriam had felt him growing uncomfortable.
Miriam loitered behind, alone.
Miriam moved a little farther from him.
Miriam pitied him now.
Miriam plucked the flowers lovingly, lingering over them.
Miriam remained uncomfortably still.
Miriam sat in the rocking-chair, and did not speak.
Miriam sat silent, withdrawn into herself.
Miriam talked books a little.
Miriam was crimson with shame and misery.
Miriam was her mother’s daughter.
Miriam was impatient of men.
Miriam was somewhat scared by the wind, but the lads enjoyed it.
Miriam was watching her lover’s mood carefully.
Miriam would have gladly proffered, but was afraid.
Miriam’s beautiful twilighty parlour looked stiff and stupid.
Misdiagnoses could result in mistreatment.
Miss Angela was correct, sir.
Miss Bassett has severed the engagement.
Miss Bennet he acknowledged to be pretty, but she smiled too much.
Miss Bingley, I am sure, cannot.
Miss Brodie's smile was slightly sarcastic.
Miss Darcy and her brother appeared, and this formidable introduction took place.
Miss Darcy's praise occupied the chief of it.
Miss Summerson, if I don't deceive myself?
Miss Summerson, you'll understand me, if you think a moment.
Miss Williams was the worthy winner of the award.
Miss it! Miss Out!
Mix fifty grams of flour with milk.
Mixed reality allows us to interact with the virtual world in our presence.
Mobile Arm processor benchmarks score nearly as highly as desktop chips.
Mobile phones are pervasive.
Modern lightbulbs quote light output in lumens.
Modern vehicles are a fusion of technologies.
Mohammed is a Muslim.
Money borrowed must be repaid, never squander it.
Money transfers must go through a clearinghouse for safety purposes.
Monkey see Monkey do.
Monsieur, you want the truth — I hated her!
Monty Python was a famous B B C comedy series
Moonlight, darkness, dawn, sunrise, day.
Mops, sir, eagerly answered the sailor at the wheel.
More a sort of frozen calm, if you know what I mean.
More books showed in an inner room.
More discussion is needed on how it will be financed.
More like a turtle dove calling to its mate than anything else.
More on that later.
More regulation is needed, not less.
More was taken, but it was taken from the middle tins — these.
Moreover the car appears at the corner at daylight.
Moreover, he had come to the end of his sheet of paper.
Moreover, he’s manners got worse and worse, his habits somewhat disgusting.
Moreover, the car was back in town at four.
Mortgages are inherently expensive as most people pay interest over longer terms.
Most assuredly they cannot be gone through for nothing.
Most businesses do not have big data.
Most businesses experience hardships in the beginning.
Most cheap vegetables these days are genetically modified.
Most children love toffee apples
Most countries are inward looking.
Most fears people have are really nothing mortally threatening.
Most medics don't recommend bursting blisters
Most of the discoveries of humanity exist in cyberspace.
Most of the postings on social media are disappointingly shallow.
Most parents prefer to use disposable nappies nowadays, to save on washing
Most people generally have a positive outlook on life.
Most people have a chip and pin card.
Most professionals make use of a specialised vocabulary called jargon.
Most unconvincing!
Mother and son set off together one Tuesday morning.
Mother and son stood on the road to watch.
Mother and son went cautiously, looking everywhere for “Thomas Jordan and Son”.
Mother says he's a good chap, which is simply absurd.
Motor oils have an additive that extends the life of an Engine.
Motorists have the right of way on roads unless there is a pedestrian crossing.
Move to the left-hand lane if you're going to pull off here
Mr Earnshaw and Mrs Linton are characters from Wuthering Heights
Mr McVeigh told me about him.
Mr Turnbull himself opened to me—sober and something more than sober.
Mr. Bennet could not have chosen better.
Mr. Bennet protested against any description of finery.
Mr. Bennet treated the matter differently.
Mr. Bennet, in equal silence, was enjoying the scene.
Mr. Bennet, you are wanted immediately; we are all in an uproar.
Mr. Bucket brings the finger into play as an emollient.
Mr. Bucket draws near and examines the directions.
Mr. Bucket has his hand on the bell-rope.
Mr. Bucket looks very grave.
Mr. Bucket takes the opportunity of a pause to be heard again.
Mr. Bucket, dismissing his sudden anger, checks him.
Mr. Collins made his declaration in form.
Mr. Collins must excuse me.
Mr. Collins then returned to Elizabeth.
Mr. Collins was also in the same state of angry pride.
Mr. Collins was eloquent in her praise.
Mr. Collins, meanwhile, was meditating in solitude on what had passed.
Mr. Darcy had been at her sister's wedding.
Mr. Darcy has not authorised me to make his communication public.
Mr. Darcy may hug himself.
Mr. Darcy said very little, and Mr. Hurst nothing at all.
Mr. Darcy seemed much pleased with the attention.
Mr. Gardiner left them soon after breakfast.
Mr. George has recovered himself and stands up like a soldier.
Mr. George laughs and drinks.
Mr. George shook his head in the most emphatic manner.
Mr. Gridley gave his consent gruff —  but gave it.
Mr. Guppy anxiously bites his thumb-nail.
Mr. Guppy bites his thumb with the appetite of vexation.
Mr. Guppy looked in at the coach-window.
Mr. Guppy retreats behind a chair.
Mr. Guppy screws his mouth into a silent "No!"
Mr. Guppy thinks that is all; he is quite sure.
Mr. Heathcliff was there — laid on his back.
Mr. Hurst looked at her with astonishment.
Mr. Jarndyce without further ceremony entered a room there, and we followed.
Mr. Jones says we must not think of moving her.
Mr. Kenneth was perplexed to pronounce of what disorder the master died.
Mr. Ricardo did not follow him.
Mr. Ricardo drew his chair closer in to the table.
Mr. Ricardo forgot his curiosity in the surge of his indignation.
Mr. Ricardo grumbled inarticulately, and read through the advertisement again.
Mr. Ricardo sat up in his bed with a sense of outrage.
Mr. Ricardo stared at him in amazement.
Mr. Ricardo was silent for a moment.
Mr. Skimpole presently appeared, and Richard shortly after him.
Mr. Snagsby coughed his cough of mild persuasion behind his hand.
Mr. Tulkinghorn examined the wards of the key.
Mr. Tulkinghorn eyes him with some surprise.
Mr. Tulkinghorn steps forward from his window and pulls the bell.
Mr. Tulkinghorn takes a pinch of snuff.
Mr. Tupman looked round.
Mr. Wickham began the subject himself.
Mr. Winkle had forgotten this.
Mr. Woodcourt again mentioned the address.
Mr. Woodcourt listened with interest and expressed his regret.
Mr. Woodcourt rather sternly rejoined that he was glad to hear it.
Mr. Woodcourt replied that I had hinted as much to him.
Mr. Woodcourt, are you going to London?
Mrs McFee's jaws brought together with a snap.
Mrs. Bennet had many grievances to relate, and much to complain of.
Mrs. Bennet was quite disconcerted.
Mrs. Bennet was really in a most pitiable state.
Mrs. Collins knew not what to make of him.
Mrs. Gardiner abused her stupidity.
Mrs. Gardiner and her niece, however, did her justice, and pitied her.
Mrs. Rachael, our young friend has no doubt heard of the case.
Mrs. Reynolds could interest her on no other point.
Mrs. Simmons's attitude had become unquestionably menacing.
Mrs. Travers is a forceful personality.
Mrs. Woodcourt never would let me change it.
Ms Randall, I assume?
Much more Ernest told them of themselves and of his disillusionment.
Much time was spent planning, but nothing came to fruition.
Much, replied Jeanne, as tersely.
Multiply these two numbers exponentially.
Murder is very rude.
Murder rates have dropped in this city since investing in education and work schemes.
Must try harder.
Must you drivel, Bertie?
Must you go?
Mute, close, irresponsive to any glancing light, his dress is like himself.
My God, I wish I had never seen that cursed motor-car!
My Lady carelessly and scornfully abstracts her attention.
My Lady says she has been "bored to death."
My Lady's out, ain't she?
My Lady's place has been extremely dreary.
My Lady, do you object to the twilight?
My Lord knows nothing of it.
My Twitter post has gone viral.
My accreditation demonstrates I am competent for this role.
My age, in years, is twenty two.
My ancestry is unknown.
My angry friend from Shropshire!
My appendix had to be surgically removed.
My assignment has been completed and submitted.
My attention had been wandering.
My attorney didn't recommend that I take a licence under the patent.
My aunt told me so herself on Saturday.
My baby loves her teddy bear balloon.
My bad!
My banking app requires two factor authentication.
My battery died, got a charger?
My bicycle tyre had a puncture, and I had to change the inner tube
My birthday is in August.
My boyfriend's been cheating on me.
My brain ceased to reel.
My car broke down.
My cat likes to crawl underneath the warm sofa.
My chief trouble was that I was desperately hungry.
My child, what questions are these!
My childhood memories shaped the person I am today.
My children just love fancy dress parties
My cricket bat has lasted over eighty games.
My dad drove a Ford Cortina in his day.
My darling baby.
My daughter is hoping to volunteer at a nature reserve.
My daughter is studying zoology at uni
My daughter is very keen on flavouring meat stews with coriander
My daughter loves fish fingers
My daughter revealed her secret.
My daughter wanted an ice lolly, but my son preferred an ice cream cone
My daughter wants to begin ballet classes.
My daughter's closest friends are Lizzie, Sarah and Max.
My day as roadman excited him a bit.
My dear Esther, how can you be so blind?
My dear Lizzy, they must have passed within ten miles of us.
My dear aunt, how could you think of it?
My dear chap!
My dear friend, he is not to be depended on.
My dear friend, will you come and see the gentleman?
My dear friend, will you shake me up a little?
My dear friend, your workman is very strong —  and very prompt.
My dear girl was to arrive at five o'clock in the afternoon.
My dear madame, you are dealing with a sceptic.
My dear son, you contemplate an absence of a week, I think?
My dear, I am ready!
My dear, I have told you all.
My dear, I never saw him.
My dear, I will wait upon him with the greatest pleasure.
My debut novel is about two children stealing a crown.
My dermatologist recommended I stop washing my hands with boiling hot water.
My discoveries all fit in with the theory of her innocence.
My duty prosperously ended, all between us is ended.
My efforts had left me weak.
My endeavours were unsuccessful.
My ethics professor's lessons are as exciting as watching paint dry.
My experience in the industry means I can adapt to this new role quickly.
My family and I lead a very peaceful existence in Cornwall.
My family likes to watch movies every Friday night.
My father bears it better.
My father died a year ago and left me the business.
My father had a stroke, but he is ok now.
My father was a Squadron Leader in the Air Force
My father, however, is partial to Mr. Wickham.
My faults, according to this calculation, are heavy indeed!
My favorite subject in school is history.
My favourite coffee is cappuccino, of course with no chocolate on the top
My favourite operatic composers are Handel, Mozart and Puccini
My favourite search engines are Google and Bing.
My feelings are not puffed about with every attempt to move them.
My feelings in every respect forbid it.
My feelings will not be repressed.
My finances are an absolute mess.
My finger’s bleeding!
My first Deep Learning library was Theano.
My first day at work was horrible, but it was not my fault
My first job was to keep going for the next three weeks.
My flat was the first floor in a new block behind Langham Place.
My friend Gill is a Scottish redhead.
My friend lives at sixty-one Main Street
My friends are not playing this game for candy.
My frigidity became more marked.
My function here is to make sure the team is well trained.
My girlfriend's dad just called.
My good friends in England helped me.
My good mother lived in the country.
My gran was unsteady on her feet and used a Zimmer frame for walking
My grandfather was a pharmacist.
My grandma underwent cataract surgery to improve her eyesight.
My grandmother always wrote her letters with a traditional fountain pen.
My grandmother had cataracts surgery and now can see clearly again.
My grandmother is convalescing in a nursing home.
My grandparents are farmers.
My guardian angel had not been asleep at the switch.
My guardian asked him what he meant.
My guardian delicately dismissed this remark without making any verbal answer.
My guardian did not seek to dissuade me, and I went.
My guardian looked at us again, plainly saying, "You hear him?"
My guardian now came every day.
My guardian said directly he would go too.
My guest was lying sprawled on his back.
My handkerchief won't hurt you.
My head spins round: I don't know where I am.
My head was swimming so wildly that I could not frame a coherent answer.
My heart aches for him; that it does!
My heart leaped with an enormous relief, but I went on wheeling my stones.
My heart sank.
My heart warms, gentlemen, at the sight of you.
My hobby is breeding guinea pigs
My hobby is genealogy, or family history.
My horn gave an agonised roar, but it was too late.
My husband is on his way.
My husband, poor soul, will probably die of dyspepsia.
My idea was that he would have more influence over the natives.
My infant is not well.
My informant was the man himself, sir.
My internship was only for twelve months.
My irritation lasted through dinner, which I had at a restaurant in Jermyn Street.
My jewels are all in their proper places of keeping.
My joints are aching.
My key competencies are...
My kid adores her sweet fluffy toy.
My kids feel chastened after today's fiasco.
My knowledge of human nature tells me it will work.
My little sister carefully tiptoed through the tulips.
My lords, ladies and gentlemen.
My love, she's clearer than any counsel I ever heard!
My love, you know these two gentlemen?
My man Paddock had given the alarm and had the milkman arrested.
My manly frankness seemed to be producing good results.
My memory fails me, am I getting old?
My meritorious, distinguished, honourable officer!
My mind was more agreeably engaged.
My mother gives me a new jumper every Christmas
My mother has rheumatoid arthritis.
My mother used a small thimble while sewing.
My mum bakes a mean Victoria sponge.
My name is painted on the door outside.
My name's Ferguson.
My name’s Ainslie.
My nan regularly treats herself to a shampoo and set.
My neighbour is fantastic; he has a great British sense of humour.
My neighbour owned an Alsatian dog, it could run fast.
My neighbour’s springer spaniel is adorable
My nephew goes to a Church of England faith school
My nephew is an expert conjurer.
My nerves were all tingling.
My niece really loves her ballet classes
My observation would be that this is an assumption.
My own voice sharpened a bit as I asked him what he did next.
My parents live in a beautiful house just a stone's throw from the beach.
My part in this business was not yet ended.
My partner was the young dark one.
My phone uses a prepay network service.
My plan had been to lie hid in my bedroom, and see what happened.
My plan was based on psychology, sir.
My poor mother is really ill, and keeps her room.
My precious Lily!
My printer seems to have packed up yet again.
My prompt agility was not without its effect.
My pursuers were patiently quartering the hillside and moving upwards.
My reaction now was very similar.
My record speaks for itself.
My reproofs could not work such a change as this.
My right foot feels like that of a Chinese debutante.
My scheme is far more subtle.
My second favourite cheese is cheddar.
My shoe heels broke while walking.
My sister loves selling things at Bring and Buy sales
My solicitor will be here presently to protect the property.
My son and daughter, your happiness shall be my care.
My son is always on his best behaviour until he gets home.
My son is assembling a Lego robot.
My son is one of the last representatives of two old families.
My son listens to hip-hop and rap music.
My son's a collector: he has magpie syndrome.
My son's closest pals are Will, Robin and Debbie.
My son's fashionable trainers are his pride and joy
My study is crammed full of books.
My stupor can scarcely have lasted beyond a few seconds.
My teacher always told people to "apply yourself!".
My temper I dare not vouch for.
My temper would perhaps be called resentful.
My third grader is learning long division right now.
My train has been delayed yet again.
My uncle is a quantity surveyor
My uncle was a member of the Territorial Army
My victory was the outcome of the most strenuous and unremitting efforts.
My vigilance had paid off.
My wants are few and simple.
My washing machine is broken, so I'll wash my clothes at the launderette
My watch is broken.
My whole fate hung upon a woman's word.
My wife and a lodger constitute my family.
My wife goes to the hairdressers; I prefer a traditional gentleman's barber.
My wife is a home-stay mother.
My wife is a whiz at calculating
My wife is a wonderful sewer: she makes all her own clothes.
My wife is on her way.
My wife is the most compassionate person I know.
My wife sings in the local choral society
My wife was a foreman's daughter, and plainly brought up.
My wish is that everything should be openly carried on.
My young friend, sit upon this stool.
My young friends are pressed for time.
My young friends are wards of court.
My, I'm almost homesick for it already.
Naming things is hard.
Nancy was the newsreader who always hosted the nine o'clock news
Nanobots could monitor our health in the future.
Naomi was neither able to forgive nor forget.
Narrate to me this page.
Nasty business here this morning, sir.
National Insurance contributions fund Britain’s National Health Service
Natural selection must take its course.
Naturally he wouldn't, under those contagious circumstances.
Nature taking its toll of the exhausted frame.
Nearer a dozen, I should think.
Nearly all toxicologists agree on that.
Necessity is the mother of all invention.
Neither Jane nor Elizabeth were comfortable on this subject.
Neither be cynical about love
Neither could she deny the justice of his description of Jane.
Neither could they understand the growing disaffection among Thorpe's men.
Neither of the three served or saved me.
Neither of them were able to identify the culprit.
Neither of these.
Neither of us quite knew what to answer.
Neither was any kind of foreigner; on this my young friend was positive.
Nelly, come here — is it morning?
Nemo struggled to pronounce the word Anemone.
Netscape was the first internet browser to be made open source.
Neuromorphic computing is an example of machines inspired by the human brain.
Neurons that fire together wire together.
Never be a pessimist.
Never change a running system.
Never change a winning team.
Never had he been in so strait a predicament.
Never had she looked so lovely.
Never in my life have I faced a job with greater disinclination.
Never look down on someone unless you're helping them up.
Never mind about your Scripture prize.
Never run a changing system.
Never saw such a likeness in my life!
Never so strange a prophet came up to Jerusalem.
Never speak of her wealth, if you would keep her favour.
Never transfer money to random people online.
Never you mind for me, miss.
Never, I hope, cousin Richard!
Nevertheless I started to run.
Nevertheless we found ourselves once more in the high seat of abundance.
Nevertheless, I found myself blaming Gussie.
Nevertheless, I persevered.
Nevertheless, instead of proceeding she took time off once more.
Nevertheless, it’s your duty, as a law-abiding citizen.
New Orleans is recovering from a hurricane.
New York City is a bustling metropolis.
New emerging trends point to growing demand in intelligent edge devices.
New house builds often cost much more.
New idea, he volunteered, brand new idea.
Newsletters are being sent to me fortnightly.
Next came an angry voice—the Rabbit’s—‘Pat’!
Next day we went to London.
Next to them the Canada jays were most persistent.
Next, we need to drill down to the detail.
Nice work, Gussie.
Nick was jailed after committing perjury
Nicole's birthday is in August.
Nimrod replied, with a slight manifestation of sensitiveness.
Nip round to the garage at once.
Nissan manufactures cars.
No accounting for tastes!
No business resulted, but the fact remains.
No charge made, except for rations.
No difference in this respect between the base metals and the precious.
No doubt he searched for a telegram.
No doubt it was just trying to play.
No doubt that's the cause.
No doubt the universe is unfolding as it should.
No doubt you were a bit tight at the time.
No good being sorry now.
No knocking or ringing for Mr. Bucket.
No less than the trees and the stars
No light gleamed anywhere.
No living man or woman could.
No look appeared on either side that spoke particular regard.
No machine is an island.
No man ate of the seal meat or the oil.
No man is an island.
No man’s nerve could stand more than a day of being spied on.
No metals are allowed in the x-ray room.
No motive can excuse the unjust and ungenerous part you acted there.
No need to take that tone sir.
No need, I ordered take away, it should be here soon.
No one but themselves ever did know, I believe.
No one could see him from the hotel.
No one else shall hear.
No one has ever ventured this far out.
No one is allowed to stir up hatred towards people.
No one noticed her.
No one was ready to gainsay him.
No one who has ever seen you together can doubt his affection.
No one would suspect that the car had ever left the garage.
No one, however, of her audience was inclined to laugh.
No one, however, was willing.
No other woman was with them.
No pain, no gain.
No room!’ they cried out when they saw Alice coming.
No sound came to me in that dark place.
No thanks to his gallantry for that.
No wonder she ran quickly into the house.
No wonder that I shook my head!
No wonder they were terrified in that dark room.
No, Ada thought I had better not go by myself.
No, Aliens won't take over.
No, I absolutely don't agree, as a matter of fact
No, I accept my destiny.
No, I can't lend you another. You lost the one I lent yesterday!
No, I could not speak; I had not the courage.
No, I did not fall among thieves.
No, I did not know what to do.
No, I don't say that.
No, I had not been deceived in the substance.
No, I see there's no way out.
No, I think I'll go in now.
No, I’ll go one better.
No, but I'll bet she is.
No, but there is something else.
No, don't do that.
No, guv'nor, no; not so bad as that.
No, it is a palace, wherein there are many servants.
No, it is insupportable.
No, listening to him.
No, monsieur; it was empty.
No, my Lady, I've seen him!
No, my friends, I see no other way.
No, no, Gussie, old man.
No, no, I won't be contradicted, Esther dear!
No, no, no, don't go away.
No, no; I feel he may defy us there.
No, not after I left the garage.
No, not engaged.
No, she had never seen him.
No, sir, but I will attend to the matter immediately.
No, thanks, old man.
No, that I cannot forgive.
No, that doesn't make any sense at all.
No, there were no tears.
No, this does not come as a surprise.
No, to be sure, and he wouldn't have, of course.
No, we have not the time.
No, we shall not be here tomorrow; but the night after — yes.
No, you don't do yourself justice.
No, you oughtn’t: that’s quite another thing!
No-sir-ee.
No; I was not attracted by her.
No; but I saw her with you in the rooms.
No; there were some, but the monster has eaten them all.
Nobody can tell what I suffer!
Nobody has it all his own way now, sir.
Nobody knew his history, they of the Junta least of all.
Nobody knew this, not even Ada.
Nobody knows how the natives got them.
Nobody knows the true depth of this ocean.
Nobody missing, is there?
Nobody taught him even that much; he found it out.
Nobody wants him to come.
Non-conformists are still conforming to something.
Non-motorists are allowed to cross on allotted areas.
Non-religious weddings are often held at a Register Office
None that I could readily understand!
Nonsense, how can you talk so!
Nope! Too much tomato.
Nope, not the slightest idea.
Nor am I ashamed of the feelings I related.
Nor can I imagine.
Nor did she recover herself very cleverly.
Nor did that day wear out her resentment.
Nor do I know yet.
Nor is it intended for much conversation.
Nor was Elam Harnish an exception.
Nor was it.
Nor would it thaw out his hands and feet.
Not I, my loving cousin!
Not a bit of good to me.
Not a bit of good trying.
Not a bit.
Not a chair was broken, and only a chair upset.
Not a dry stitch.
Not a good idea to shoot the messenger.
Not a little more magnificence, therefore, on the part of Sir Leicester.
Not a morsel of it.
Not a ripple.
Not a soul came near the place.
Not a suggestion of split trousers from start to finish.
Not a thing.
Not a wheel moved in his empire.
Not a word, remember!
Not all companies have strict hierarchies.
Not an ambitious note, but still he sings.
Not at all, sir.
Not at the house of one of your friends?
Not at the present moment.
Not at this particular case, Tom, apologized Whittemore.
Not before midnight, sir.
Not bodily pain so much as nervous, nervous!
Not even any one who had attended on him?
Not everybody agrees that globalisation is progress
Not everybody knows that Wikipedia is available in many different languages
Not feeling fab at the moment.
Not for many and many a day.
Not for the first time today.
Not from any of the big harbours.
Not giving it his full mind.
Not handsome enough to dance with!
Not having Richard to look at, he looked straight before him.
Not heard of him, perhaps?
Not if I can help it.
Not in his usual spirits?
Not many an English leaf or berry that I couldn't name.
Not much of a one, sir.
Not much time for it, I should say?
Not now, precious.
Not of one of the greatest Chancery suits known?
Not on your life.
Not readily, sir.
Not since you had those bars of yours put on.
Not so easily as you think.
Not so fast.
Not so many travellers pass along that road at night.
Not that Alice had any idea of doing that.
Not that I have much pleasure, indeed, in talking to anybody.
Not that I think it will do much good.
Not that he or anybody else thought that that would do much good.
Not the least in the world.
Not the old fire-alarm thing?
Not the way to get on in life, you'll tell me?
Not till the twentieth of May did the river break.
Not to your knowledge, perhaps?
Not what everybody has been talking of!
Not with the greatest urbanity, I must say.
Not yet quite so quick, my old sport.
Not yet, madam.
Nothing but a passing tiff; we got together and talked things over.
Nothing but the one necklace and a handful of rings!
Nothing can be clearer than that.
Nothing could be more delightful!
Nothing could be more precise, exact, and orderly than Greenleaf.
Nothing could console and nothing could appease her.
Nothing could have exceeded the cordiality with which she waved her fork.
Nothing else in it —  no, nothing!
Nothing has been the matter.
Nothing is heard of him, nothing is seen of him.
Nothing is more refreshing than the smell of coffee in the morning.
Nothing is taken except what she wore.
Nothing more than a cautionary fable.
Nothing occurred between them that could justify the hopes of his sister.
Nothing of any importance whatever, one would have gathered, had occurred.
Nothing of any kind was missing.
Nothing strained or bizarre.
Nothing to it.
Nothing to keep me here, I mean.
Nothing was stirring on the long white ribbon that threaded them.
November is the eleventh month, coming immediately before December
Now I come to her second mistake.
Now I saw cruelty and ruthlessness, where before I had only seen good-humour.
Now I will leave you, for I have much to do.
Now I'll tell you what you want.
Now Irvine was a man of impulse, a poet.
Now I’ll give you something to believe.
Now all those fears were over.
Now all was changed.
Now and then a sheep wandered off the heather to stare at me.
Now animals do not like mockery.
Now at the time I had an open mind.
Now came the next step.
Now don't be troublesome, there's a good soul!
Now don’t interrupt me!’ she went on, holding up one finger.
Now don’t make any more excuses, but listen!
Now go ahead and tell me in a straightforward way what has happened.
Now have you got anything to say against me, Mr Philip.
Now he knew what had perplexed him during the last two days.
Now is your time.
Now it is gone.
Now it stood open!
Now it was Harry who beset him.
Now it was missing from the wall.
Now just what do you want to know.
Now keep very quiet.
Now lean your back against it.
Now let us be sensible and dine.
Now let us go.
Now let us take the second.
Now let's see you eat 'em.
Now move on here - come!
Now move on here, some of you.
Now our figuring was all right.
Now please give a plain statement of what occurred.
Now run along, and tell them to hurry.
Now seriously, what have you ever known of self-denial and dependence?
Now she had lost the use of them altogether.
Now show me the first drawer she touched.
Now tell me what you make of the case.
Now that is sure to help her!
Now that mobile phones are so popular, telephone boxes have largely disappeared
Now that most people have mobile phones, public phone boxes are quite rare
Now that my eyes were opened I wondered where I had seen the benevolence.
Now that my other daughter is married I have two sons-in-law.
Now that my other son is married I have two daughters-in-law.
Now that's delightful, that's inspiriting, that's full of poetry!
Now the murder's out; you despise me, Esther, don't you?
Now these things had been struck dead within him.
Now they've been turned into luxury apartments.
Now this is very important.
Now we come to the passage.
Now we get another fact.
Now we have a second crime.
Now we will take five minutes' rest, and then go on again.
Now you are coming to what I don't understand.
Now you can't help yourself.
Now you can’t deny it, Kitty: I heard you!
Now you're coming down to business, Phil, he exclaimed.
Now you’ve got to be a good chap and help me.
Now, I tell you what, William!
Now, I warn you solemnly.
Now, Kitty, let’s consider who it was that dreamed it all.
Now, a queer thing happened after that man's death.
Now, did it strike your ladyship that she was like anybody?
Now, don’t smile, my dear, I’m asking it seriously.
Now, excellent fellow, let us go in to dinner!
Now, good-bye, and be very happy!
Now, has she deserved this punishment?
Now, how are we to begin?
Now, how were they conducted?
Now, however, he made himself clear.
Now, suppose I had killed him.
Now, take a good look at me!
Now, these tumbling tenements contain, by night, a swarm of misery.
Now, this is not promising.
Now, try to free yourself.
Now, what do you say about her doctor?
Now, what do you say to that?
Now, what do you think of this rascal?
Now, what does our young friend say?
Now, what has this room to say to me?
Now, what’s the next thing?
Now, where are my eyedrops?
Now, where did she keep her jewellery?
Now, you know, so very prepossessing in the lady with the veil!
Now, you men, what do you want?
Now, you understand.
Now, you’re coming home with me.
Nowadays, we have fewer but larger farms.
Nowhere did the raw earth appear.
Nowhere in the North is the soil so prolific.
Nuclear power will soon be replaced by solar power.
Number one: you squeaked twice while your mother was washing your face this morning.
Nurture strength of spirit to shield you in sudden misfortune.
O come O come Emmanuel.
O holy night.
O little town of Bethlehem.
O'Brien emitted a shriek that sank swiftly to a gurgling sob.
O'Brien had been a clean living young man with ideals.
O'Brien took off his coat and bared his right arm.
Oak, ash, elm and beech are classic woodland trees.
Objectively speaking, I think Windows is better for businesses.
Obscurities which had puzzled him were made clear.
Obviously I’m biased.
Obviously Sir Walter believed in me, though why he did I could not guess.
Obviously, it was a disease that could be contracted by contact.
Odd perhaps, but so it is!
Oddly enough, I encountered neither.
Of a fine, stout, healthy love it may.
Of course I ask for no secrecy at Bleak House.
Of course I don’t think so!
Of course he might be wrong.
Of course it is conjecture.
Of course it was not you.
Of course it won't.
Of course much grumbling went on, and little outbursts were continually occurring.
Of course that’s easy enough.
Of course you couldn't.
Of course you don’t—till I tell you.
Of course you may, cousin Richard.
Of course, Esther, you know what she says here?
Of course, I'm right.
Of course, I’ll be there!
Of course, and what would sir be looking for today?
Of course, for the best.
Of course, he was stunned, amazed.
Of course, it may have returned to the stables by another road.
Of course, it will be agony.
Of course, she was in the darkness.
Of course, that is uninteresting, she continued.
Of course, there’s the Ruff.
Of her, nothing is known.
Of his Uncle Cyril, yes.
Of other and very different things I come to speak to you.
Of that I am sure.
Of that one would be sure.
Of the banker he could not catch a glimpse.
Of these, indeed, she thought to have made an end.
Of what use to pull stuff like that?
Off with his head!
Often I gaze at my wife with adoration.
Oh No! I dropped my wallet!
Oh No! I dropped my wallet!.
Oh come all ye faithful.
Oh my God, what was I thinking?
Oh my dear paws!
Oh my fur and whiskers!
Oh no! Call the fire brigade!
Oh no, I shall not give you up.
Oh no, the weekly newsletter was never sent!
Oh thank you! she cried. I am so glad!
Oh that he had sprained his ankle in the first dance!
Oh yes, I felt that I must pit myself against him.
Oh, I am confident we shall.
Oh, I am not unhappy, cousin John!
Oh, I assure you he is very odd!
Oh, I like it well enough!
Oh, I see what you mean now.
Oh, I shouldn't think so.
Oh, I shouldn’t like that!
Oh, I thought you didn't hear what I said.
Oh, I was obtaining evidence.
Oh, I was terrified!
Oh, Lord, yes, it's due east —  must be!
Oh, Richard, my dear, so much the worse, so much the worse!
Oh, about ten swallows; say sixteen medium-sized gulps.
Oh, bad from the beginning.
Oh, behave!.
Oh, but I thank you!
Oh, damn it!
Oh, dear me, I'm out of breath.
Oh, dear me, what's this, what's this!
Oh, dear, you are too modest.
Oh, do pray tell me something of her.
Oh, for goodness sake, go away and boil your head, Bertie!
Oh, he is going to tell something at last!
Oh, he turned it off very well.
Oh, hither and thither.
Oh, how I wish I could shut up like a telescope!
Oh, how glad I am to get here!
Oh, how should another woman not know?
Oh, how the fear of that has frightened me!
Oh, it was not possible!
Oh, it was so much better as it was!
Oh, it's all right enough!
Oh, it's just a novel, a love story.
Oh, it's you, is it?
Oh, look at that sweet little star up there all by itself.
Oh, many, many, many years, my dear.
Oh, monsieur, the tambourines and the rapping on the table!
Oh, my God!
Oh, my aches and pains!
Oh, my bones and back!
Oh, my friend, could he not have stolen it?
Oh, no, I don't think so!
Oh, no, that arrives never.
Oh, not what the priests would call a conscience; that I know.
Oh, she admitted that you were clever!
Oh, she said that?
Oh, some time last summer.
Oh, sorry, I thought you said you were.
Oh, thank you — thank you! cried the Scarecrow.
Oh, that very bad child!
Oh, that's not the right answer.
Oh, that, yes.
Oh, the good woman was in a hurry!
Oh, these people are the interesting problems in this story.
Oh, try to forgive me!
Oh, very hearty congratulations.
Oh, was it so?
Oh, well, girls will be girls.
Oh, what a lovely one!
Oh, what a loving and devoted face I saw!
Oh, what a scene of horror!
Oh, what fun it is!
Oh, what have I done?
Oh, yes! — if one could but go to Brighton!
Oh, yes, it's all right enough.
Oh, you met Madeline at Cannes, did you?
Oil companies would face a backlash if they suddenly hiked up their prices overnight.
Ok, so I was a little dramatic, but you saw what happened!
Ok, that makes sense.
Okay, I think I can do that.
Okay, I'll remind you.
Okay, hand it here.
Old bathrooms had character.
Old buildings often are inefficient at retaining heat.
Old clothes make good rags to clean-up.
Old trainers are not very cool
On Jack’s right was an area where the water was even deeper than usual
On Monday morning, monsieur.
On Saturday afternoons my wife and I normally go shopping
On Sunday afternoons he usually mowed the lawn.
On both sides it was only assertion.
On her face there was now an aspect of eager appeal.
On him I staked all my chances.
On his left were the shuttered windows overlooking the lake.
On his right in the partition wall a door stood open.
On my re-entrance, I found Mr. Heathcliff below.
On occasion, on this traverse, the Cape Verde Islands are raised.
On one chair-back hang the old man's hairy cap and coat.
On that understanding then, I will carry on.
On the Day of Judgment.
On the appointed day she arrived.
On the dressing-table a cord was lying.
On the eleventh hour, they turned up.
On the far corner of the compound fence a hawk brooded.
On the fifth day.
On the following morning he hastened to pay his respects.
On the other hand, it may not be all right.
On the whole, families are the backbone of a community and a stable society.
On these national occasions Sir Leicester finds the cousins useful.
On this occasion, however, she had let them in with her latchkey.
On this subject, what can you have to say?
On what point?
Once I've retired, I'm planning to reconquer Jerusalem.
Once I've started, I can't seem to stop.
Once Ricardo lifted himself up with the hair stirring on his scalp.
Once again I had found an unexpected sanctuary.
Once find the ringleaders, and you know where you are.
Once in Royal David’s city.
Once in the cockpit, he was in his element.
Once or twice he got very peevish, and apologised for it.
Once the jews harp began emitting its barbaric rhythms, Michael was helpless.
Once we have moved, I'm hoping to acquire a poodle.
One a penny, two a penny, hot cross buns
One after another they came out upon the next landing.
One by one the boys were captured.
One can do nothing to please them.
One can see that.
One cannot make an omelette without breaking eggs, sir.
One could follow the train of thought.
One could sense the struggle going on within.
One cry and she was safe.
One cry, and she would be saved.
One day he produced my belt from a lockfast drawer.
One day, I would love to visit the high Arctic.
One does the bidding of the spirit which controls.
One finds it difficult to hazard a conjecture, sir.
One glance told her of the danger close at hand.
One great drawback to farming in California is our long dry summer.
One guess will do, Ernest retorted.
One man followed him, but he had no chance.
One man sat in it, and by an amazing chance I knew him.
One moment, you fellows, and I’ll rejoin you.
One must speak a little, you know.
One night he was very solemn.
One noted in the eyes the same intelligent glitter.
One of Jeeves's best.
One of his ripest.
One of the best.
One of the instruments?
One of the jurors had a pencil that squeaked.
One of the nicest I ever met.
One of the others spoke up.
One of them had a book, and took down notes.
One of them was Mr Marmaduke Jopley.
One of these particularly touched me.
One of those glue things on toast?
One of those old pregnant silences filled the room.
One of us, I mean to say.
One raises the eyebrows.
One tablespoonful should be enough.
One teaspoonful should be plenty.
One thing Helene regretted.
One to come, and one to go.
One touched his cap in salute, and I responded graciously.
One was old and bald, one was stout, one was dark and thin.
One who is too passionless.
Online Education has become accessible and is growing in popularity.
Online gaming can become addictive to many gamers.
Online shopping is facilitated by frictionless payment systems.
Only I do hope it’s my dream, and not the Red King’s!
Only I never can remember the rule.
Only a few hours ago he was engaged to Miss Bassett.
Only a little longer could I endure their company.
Only for a second, but it was enough to make my heart jump.
Only for the moment.
Only his hungry eyes were the same.
Only if you are fine and big enough to consent.
Only it got so cold, and it snowed so, they had to leave off.
Only it must remain a secret between you and me.
Only look at her.
Only once did I confide the strangeness of it all to another.
Only once did one of them speak to her.
Only one gigabyte remaining.
Only the chance sound had led him to observe them.
Only think of that, my dear; he actually danced with her twice!
Only think what an establishment it would be for one of them.
Only too pleased. How do you mean?
Only we must begin quick.
Only, it is so wonderful, so almost impossible to believe.
Oolong Atoll was one hundred and forty miles in circumference.
Oolong was two hundred and fifty miles from the nearest land.
Open source culture has facilitated the progress of technology at an astonishing pace.
Open source technology means people don't need to keep reinventing the wheel.
Open street maps enable access to the most remote villages in the world.
Open street maps enable humanitarian aid workers to reach the hardest to reach places.
Open the display settings.
Open the street door, Judy; put these blusterers out!
Open up the pores on your skin.
Oppressive as the heat had been, it was now even more oppressive.
Or I could swear I hadn't.
Or a fairly large brick would do.
Or are you deaf?
Or are you in the same mind?
Or don't you think so?
Or drop a prize.
Or else it doesn’t, you know.
Or have they already devised one.
Or he came to sound you.
Or he may have been taken in, in some pretended bargain.
Or he'll be drawn to ruin.
Or not you so much, perhaps, as your friend in the city?
Or, rather, one individual shark.
Oral re-hydration solutions can help replace lost salts caused by diarrhoea.
Orange juice, then.
Organic materials naturally disintegrate unlike inorganic plastics.
Orient the table in the direction of the east wall.
Orienteering is a sport that combines cross-country running and map reading
Ornithology is a fascinating hobby.
Other options are available.
Other people had thought of such things, if I had not.
Other priorities in life can take over.
Others have only half thrown themselves into it.
Others of the party were now applied to.
Otherwise no restriction is put upon their seafaring.
Otherwise there was only the calling of plovers and the tinkling of little streams.
Otherwise there will be disgrace, imprisonment, penal servitude.
Ouch! Are you hurt?
Our Councils are working hard to meet the needs of the community.
Our Kanban board is looking full this week.
Our Mr Howison will call upon you at your hotel.
Our analysts are conducting an analysis of the public survey data.
Our ancestors worked hard and enabled us to be where we are today.
Our application is a vertically integrated system.
Our aunt is visiting this weekend.
Our car insurance is renewable annually.
Our client's privacy is of paramount importance to us.
Our collective research has not created a single algorithm.
Our colleges outperformed the rest.
Our company is working on attracting younger customers.
Our corpus of literature dates back to the eighteen hundreds.
Our customer service assistants can help you resolve this issue.
Our diagnostics are in full swing.
Our distress, my dear Lizzy, is very great.
Our distribution centre is located in the heart of London.
Our elders have the wisdom to learn from.
Our employees are afforded full autonomy in their roles.
Our enemies have not been foolish!
Our family always hated cats: nasty, low, vulgar things!
Our father and our brother had a builder's business.
Our friend —  don't be alarmed!
Our genes determine our physical characteristics.
Our genetics define our appearances and traits. Our experiences define who we are.
Our goals somehow became misaligned.
Our grandmother loves us so much.
Our home is rodent free.
Our house is free of pests.
Our house is on a dead end cul-de-sac.
Our house is on the wrong side of the street — definitely — yes.
Our human form is the most advanced form of intelligence on this planet.
Our interaction was brief.
Our marketing is designed to attract an affluent client base.
Our national debt amounts to several trillion pounds
Our nursery has many activities for toddlers.
Our office is overworked and understaffed.
Our opinion is distinctly different from theirs.
Our politicians are working on bridging understanding between communities.
Our poor devoted Richard was deaf and blind to all.
Our poor mother is sadly grieved.
Our profits have quintupled over the past three years.
Our records show that you never existed.
Our relationship eventually petered out.
Our students are flourishing like never before.
Our system is ethically designed to minimize any unintended impacts.
Our systems are human-centred.
Our systems will encrypt and hash your password for security.
Our team uses domain driven development together.
Our team was relegated to the lower league.
Our teams are fabricating the mould as we speak.
Our users are anonymous unless they wish to share additional data.
Our weather forecasting system is offline.
Our work culture is relaxed.
Ours is better than yours.
Out of abstractions Ernest had conjured a vision and made them see it.
Out of his eighteen hundred, he laid aside sixteen hundred each year.
Out on the water someone was singing.
Outsiders are allowed five minute speeches, the sick man urged.
Outwardly, he maintained a calm and smiling aspect.
Outwardly, the newspaper seemed to have balanced views.
Over the course of the day.
Overall, not too bad.
Overtake him; bring him back instantly!
Pa's miserable, and no wonder!
Pack up a few things and bring them down.
Pair programming helps you look at problems differently.
Pair programming is a good way to notice bugs you might otherwise have missed.
Palm Sunday is the Sunday before Easter.
Palmated newts, sir.
Palmated or syncopated, it doesn't matter which.
Paperwork can be tedious and time-consuming.
Paraffin is the British name for kerosene
Parcels arrive just in time.
Parents acquiesce to a crying toddler.
Parents often accede to children's temper tantrums.
Part of me wants to believe you.
Participants who cheat will be eliminated from the challenge.
Participation awards are worthless in my opinion.
Party Crackers have the cheesiest jokes.
Passionate advocacy of the highest standard.
Passwords should be kept secret.
Patience is a popular card game for one
Patricia has some very expensive jewellery
Paul and Arthur scoured the land for holly and evergreens.
Paul and Miriam stayed close together, talking in subdued tones.
Paul and his mother debated it endlessly between them.
Paul and the mother frowned to hear him.
Paul could not quite see what Annie wanted to get married for.
Paul did not come till afternoon.
Paul disappeared into the scullery.
Paul entered rather breathless.
Paul glanced at it frowning.
Paul hated his father.
Paul he admired and loved and despised slightly.
Paul hoped they would.
Paul jumped up and went forward.
Paul kneeled there, stroking his mother’s hand.
Paul lay on his back in the old grass, looking up.
Paul loved them dearly, and they him.
Paul loved to sleep with his mother.
Paul mended the fire ruefully.
Paul moved to Oxford for his D Phil.
Paul sat pretending to read.
Paul talked endlessly to both of them.
Paul walked with Miss Limb.
Paul walked with something screwed up tight inside him.
Paul wanted her, and so did Arthur.
Paul wanted to sink through the floor.
Paul was his own frank self.
Paul was now fourteen, and was looking for work.
Paul was now pale with weariness.
Paul was seventeen months old when the new baby was born.
Paul was studying design.
Paul was wild with joy for his mother’s sake.
Paul watched him sometimes.
Paul went to meet his friends the next afternoon.
Paul went to the counter.
Paul wished he were stupid.
Paul would have succeeded had he studied harder.
Pauline laughed, then tore the letter in half.
Pay attention to stroke... has their Face, Arms or Speech changed unusually?
Paying the money, I suppose?
Payment information is securely encoded and sent to the payment provider for validation.
Peace be unto you and grace before the Lord.
Pearce's little eyes were fixed on him shrewdly.
Pebbles and dirt flew along with hair and fur.
Pencils are made from lead.
Penguins aren't able to fly, but they can swim
People can tell when you receive a mass email.
People did not consider it a burden to look after their parents.
People do not die of little trifling colds.
People don't like to reveal their anxieties.
People may be put off from buying expensive homes.
People must learn new skills to adapt to the age of automation.
People often associate Christmas with tinsel and glitter.
People say I'm a good listener.
People should not confuse infatuation with love.
People taking statins must keep away from grapefruit juices.
People who suffer from regular constipation should seek medical guidance.
People who use the phone in the cinema are disrupting others.
People who whisper all the time can be very irritating
People with similar alpha personalities can clash.
Perfect is the enemy of the good
Perfect is the enemy of the good.
Performers, take a bow!
Perhaps I don't.
Perhaps Looking-glass milk isn’t good to drink—But oh, Kitty!
Perhaps he has something else upon it —  some young lady, perhaps?
Perhaps he knows there really is.
Perhaps he thought her too young.
Perhaps she had already met her fate a little deeper in the forest.
Perhaps that was what those secret enemies were playing for.
Perhaps we could compare our cells to algorithms.
Perhaps we should join a wine club.
Perhaps you do right to get used to one.
Perhaps you're right.
Perhaps your friend in the city does.
Perish the thought.
Perishable items must be delivered faster.
Perplexity returned to it.
Perrault found one with head buried in the grub box.
Perseverance is the foundation of accomplishment.
Personally, I snuggled up and let my attention wander.
Personally, I think he would have played it safe.
Perspex is a clear plastic that can sometimes be used to replace glass
Persuasion and Emma are well-known novels by Jane Austen
Peter felt sick, and leaned heavily on the table
Peter is studying to be an engineer.
Petrol and Diesel engines are going the way of the dodo.
Petrol is heavily taxed in England.
Phil bears down upon them according to his usual tactics.
Phil gives a howl at the recollection.
Philip ate lightly of the food which Pierre had ready for him.
Philip began to feel that he had foolishly overestimated his strength.
Philip bent low over Pierre.
Philip bent lower, and stared into the face of the dead man.
Philip did not pursue the subject.
Philip dropped back into his chair.
Philip knew that she was not an Indian.
Philip looked back from the crest and saw Jeanne leaning over the canoe.
Philip made no effort to follow.
Philip produced a couple of cigars and took a chair opposite him.
Philip saw MacDougall soon after his short talk with Thorpe.
Philip snatched at the letter which Gregson held out to him.
Philip stood undecided, his ears strained to catch the slightest sound.
Philip thrust himself against it and entered.
Philip took a step toward Gregson, half determined to awaken him.
Philip was mortified. He begged for a second chance.
Philippa kicked the ball, and Jane caught it.
Phishing is pronounced fishing.
Phishing scammers attempt to spoof a website to steal security details.
Phone boxes or payphones are not so common now
Physical Education is an essential module.
Physicists really don't understand what happened during the big bang
Pick up a copy of our brochure on the way home.
Pierre obeys me when we are together.
Place not harbour but open coast.
Place somewhere on East Coast between Cromer and Dover.
Plagiarized work will be rejected, please cite your source.
Please accept my condolences.
Please answer the questions highlighted by the asterisk.
Please ask before borrowing my pencil sharpener.
Please be careful with the fragile ornament.
Please be rest assured that we will keep your data safe.
Please be vigilant of fake websites.
Please can you acknowledge when this message has been read?
Please can you assure me that the project can be delivered before January?
Please can you order me a cab?
Please can you tend to the plants while I am away?
Please check the inside leg measurement
Please check with the harbourmaster before tying up
Please check your basket is correct before clicking buy.
Please clear the gangway or we won't be able to get out
Please clear your browser cache and try again.
Please close the window.
Please confirm if you would like us to go ahead with your request.
Please confirm our cookie policy.
Please consult your physician if you experience any side effects.
Please contact your network administrator.
Please could you draw the curtains?
Please cross the road at the zebra crossing
Please cycle, walk, or use public transport
Please detach the charging cable.
Please do not breach this contract.
Please do not patronize me.
Please do not think that I already know it all.
Please don't embarrass yourself any further.
Please don't jay-walk: cross the road at the zebra crossing
Please don't keep complaining about my cough
Please don't say any more.
Please don't sit on the worktop!
Please don't think that.
Please drive on the left.
Please enter a model number.
Please enter the recipient address.
Please enter your passkey now
Please excuse me.
Please find attached my resume and covering letter.
Please find attached the accompanying file.
Please find attached the consignment number of your order.
Please get to the back of the queue!
Please give me an itemized breakdown of the costs.
Please give your insight into how you feel it would affect your life.
Please go around.
Please grab me a can of fizzy pop on the way home.
Please guide me to my chambers.
Please handle the alternator assembly with care.
Please indicate whether you prefer option A or option B
Please indicate your cellular carrier.
Please indicate your cellular provider.
Please join us in celebrating our wedding anniversary
Please join us in the dining room.
Please keep hands and legs in the vehicle at all times.
Please kneel for the solemn part of the ceremony.
Please leave your hat on the hatstand in the hall
Please let me know as soon as you can
Please make sure that nothing is omitted.
Please mute the sound.
Please offer your points and perspectives.
Please place miscellaneous items in the fourth box.
Please print the document using A-four sized paper.
Please put the medication back into its corresponding box after use.
Please rate the priority of the enhancement.
Please read my proposal for the future direction of the business.
Please read the frequently asked questions page before posing a new question.
Please refer to the manual operating instructions
Please register for a postal vote before the election
Please report any defects you find.
Please reset your app cache and try again.
Please ring for room service
Please scan the bar code to view the nutritional information.
Please see the attachment for more information.
Please see the graph below.
Please send me the business case for your company’s expansion plan
Please send them my regards.
Please share your comments.
Please sign on the dotted line.
Please specify the service provider.
Please specify your broadband service provider.
Please stop complaining all the time!
Please submit a detailed report on the impact of e-commerce on retail.
Please submit your budgets for the next financial year
Please tap to edit.
Please tick the box
Please to stop the carriage.
Please try again.
Please try not to burst the balloons
Please try to keep that crying baby quiet
Please turn to page twenty-three in the original document
Please use your full address, including postcode
Please wash your hands after using the water closet.
Please watch the Youtube video of my daughter's concert
Please wear appropriate footwear.
Please wind down the windows.
Please would you sign me your autograph?
Plenty will come in, but none can help.
Plunging headfirst into the swimming pool.
Pluto is now considered to be a dwarf planet
Poetry is a reflection of human creativity.
Poetry, just imagine!
Points of view, new ideas, life.
Poor little Crooked-Leg was terribly scared.
Poor little Lizzy!
Popular classical composers include Beethoven, Verdi, Puccini and Liszt.
Porcupines are fascinating.
Porridge is healthier without sugar.
Possession is nothing to me.
Possibly I am letting the thing prey on my mind too much.
Possibly just the sharp intake of the breath.
Possibly to roam the house-tops again and return by the chimney.
Potato crisps are thinly sliced fried potatoes, eaten as a snack
Potato is full of carbohydrates.
Prams and pushchairs can be accepted on the bus only when folded
Prawn cocktail used to be a very popular starter
Pray be careful of yourself, miss.
Pray be seated —  here near me.
Pray be seated, Sir Leicester.
Pray come and see my lodging.
Pray dismiss that from your consideration.
Pray do not talk of that odious man.
Pray excuse the introduction of such mean topics.
Pray go to see them, with Sir William and Maria.
Pray help him sometimes with your companionship if you can.
Pray put him down, Miss Summerson!
Pray see him when you get there.
Pray silence for tonight’s speaker.
Pregnant, I believe, is what they're generally called.
Preliminary spadework must be put in.
Premature babies are sometimes also known as preemies.
Prepare for the worst!
Prequels are better if they fit with the storyline and explain unanswered questions.
Presently I observed someone leave the house and saunter along the cliff.
Presently I reached the end of my wanderings.
Presently I was in a land of lush water-meadows and slow reedy streams.
Presently he got very excited and walked up and down the hearthrug.
Presently he hears a rustling.
Presently she began again.
Presently, however, he hove in view, doing fearfully lissom things in mid-floor.
Press down on the accelerator pedal to move forward.
Press eject to release the disk.
Press escape to return.
Press the asterisk key after the tone.
Prevention is better than cure.
Prince was teaching, of course.
Principal rivers—there are none.
Principally because I received a letter from Scudder.
Printed, published and sold at Geneva.
Priscilla drinks —  she's always drinking.
Private Eye is a British fortnightly satirical magazine.
Probability and statistics will be valuable for students of machine learning.
Probably a flatfish.
Proceed with caution.
Production and Consumption of electricity.
Production is doubling and quadrupling upon itself.
Profits have risen year over year by four percent.
Projects sometimes have to compromise on small features to meet deadlines.
Prolonged sessions of smoking Shisha is not healthy.
Proper Planning Prevents Poor Performance.
Propinquity, in my opinion, is what will do the trick.
Pros and cons.
Providence had delivered him through the maelstrom.
Public transport is extremely efficient.
Puerto Rico suffered a recent hurricane.
Pull the other one!
Punctuality was not something he is known for.
Punnets of strawberries can often be bought from roadside stalls in summer
Purchasers of homes usually need a deposit for a mortgage.
Purchasing a car is easy, maintaining it takes work.
Purify water using a suitable filter before drinking it when outdoors.
Pursuing her way along the lane, she then began it.
Purvis climbed the platform.
Push it away untasted?
Push my dinner away, eh?
Pushchairs can be folded when the toddler wants to walk
Put down your weapons.
Put on your goggles and let's begin.
Put that shawl on me.
Put them next to your great-uncle the judge.
Put your feet up on my lap.
Put yourself into their place for a moment.
Quaint or not quaint, bizarre or not bizarre.
Quantum computing machines are rare and hard to build.
Quantum machines have exotic parts and components are hard to procure.
Quick was the disappointment in his face, yet smiling was the acquiescence.
Quietly as we came into the bank, they heard or saw us.
Quite absurd, laddie — quite absurd.
Quite all right.
Quite an adventure for a morning in London!
Quite disgusting, I call it.
Quite in order, Tuppy, old man.
Quite plainly, she was not in the vein.
Quite possibly it may come off.
Quite possibly you can, if you have not lost your grip.
Quite right, and quite true.
Quite simple, really.
Quite strong enough for that, miss!
Quite the tortured soul.
Quotas had to be met and contracts satisfied.
Rabbits, rats and mice can reproduce extraordinarily quickly.
Rachel blushed, embarrassed, as she had never before received a B grade.
Racing cars are essential to motorsport
Radiator coolant has a cooling effect on an Engine.
Ralph wondered what on earth the Q in his middle name stood for.
Raoul yelled, in order to make himself heard.
Rapid accelerations are not good for an engine.
Rather a bad look-out for me!
Rather like glue flavoured with beef extract.
Rather than eat and drink, he preferred to smoke incessantly
Rayan is convinced he could turn unrecyclable plastics into life-sized Lego blocks.
Reach for his cheque-book and start writing.
Reaching the peak of the mountain was an exhilarating experience.
Read me the latest sports statistics.
Read my Twitter feed.
Read my bio for more info.
Read the abstract before investing time in the rest of the paper.
Read the endnote.
Read the story those footprints write in the mould there.
Reader, I married him.
Reading his poetry, a drowsy numbness came over me.
Real love does not end when the honeymoon period ends.
Really, it’s most disrespectful of you!
Really, madam, I cannot make you a definite reply.
Really, she ought to have taught you better manners!
Receiving file via blue tooth.
Recent advances in modern medicine have been nothing short of astonishing.
Reckless driving is the cause of many fatalities.
Recognition and reproduction.
Recollect your school at Kensington at three.
Record your voice.
Recruiters are always looking for brilliant graduates.
Red-Eye never committed a more outrageous deed.
Red-Eye swung back and forth on the branch farther down.
Reduce, Reuse, Recycle for a better planet.
Reducing misdiagnoses and unnecessary treatments will improve healthcare.
Reducing waste and pollution is a collective responsibility.
Refer to the Owner's Manual for further instructions.
Reforestation schemes are being implemented in a desperate bid to tackle climate change.
Refugees are empowered to rebuild their lives through education and work experience.
Refugees are normal people who have been displaced due to natural disaster or conflicts
Refugees are vulnerable people.
Regardless of our ideological views, we are all human.
Regardless of the setback, the project continued.
Regardless of your political allegiances, you should oppose this cruel bill.
Regular exercise can improve cardiovascular health.
Regular expression can be used to detect patterns in a string of text.
Regular maintenance is the best way to prolong the life of an engine.
Regular practice improves performance.
Regular small overpayment's on a mortgage is the best way to reduce interest.
Regulation and governance removes ambiguity.
Remainers are a nickname given to people who disagree with the Brexit referendum.
Remember this, and keep my confidence.
Remember to draw your assumptions, before conclusions.
Remember we parked in section D three.
Remember what peace there may be in silence.
Remembering is more satisfying than forgetting.
Reminds me of Cannes.
Remotely lock my car.
Remuneration is usually calculated according to supply and demand.
Rents are considerably higher in the inner parts of the city.
Repay your smallest debt quickly, then use the surplus on the larger debts.
Repeal this statute, my good sir?
Report fake websites to anti-phishing companies to make a safer internet.
Research opens many possibilities.
Researchers are taking inspiration from biological worlds to design the next generation of tech.
Residents must register with the electoral register to be eligible to vote.
Responsibility, my dear Miss Summerson?
Responsible adults have a duty of care to children.
Rest assured of that!
Result, agony of spirit and no progress.
Revenue is expected to increase year over year.
Review the facts, I mean to say.
Ricardo called for his hat and his stick.
Ricardo cut the stitches of the sacking.
Ricardo dared not glance at him.
Ricardo drew a letter from his pocket.
Ricardo drew his chair up towards the others.
Ricardo felt like a child in the presence of his schoolmaster.
Ricardo fetched her cloak and slipped it on her shoulders.
Ricardo got up and walked down from the hotel with the detective.
Ricardo in his turn examined the petticoat.
Ricardo leaned forward eagerly.
Ricardo leaned with careful artistry against the wall.
Ricardo recognised him with a start of surprise.
Ricardo recognised the force of the argument.
Ricardo recognised the justice of his description.
Ricardo sprang across the room and tore open the envelope.
Ricardo spun round upon his heel.
Ricardo stared at his friend.
Ricardo stared in stupefaction at his companion.
Ricardo was a trifle disappointed.
Ricardo was in the seventh Heaven.
Ricardo was on the look-out for deep mysteries.
Ricardo, trembling with excitement, watched him.
Rice pudding is the ultimate comfort food.
Rich enough to work with tolerable peace of mind?
Rich or poor, we all end up in the same sized house someday.
Richard and I looked at one another again.
Richard bowed and stepped forward.
Richard gave an anxious glance at Ada but said nothing.
Richard had received a similar letter and had made a similar response.
Richard has told him the absolute truth.
Richard led me to a chair and sat himself beside me.
Richard loved to involve the children.
Richard observed that the situation was exposed on a sharp night.
Richard recollected the time when he used to be a keen cyclist.
Richard spoke in his vivacious way.
Richard spoke with the same shade crossing his face as before.
Richard's entrance stopped the conversation.
Richard, his face flushing suddenly, strikes the desk with his clenched hand.
Rick, my boy, Esther, my dear, what have you been doing?
Right ho, then.
Right on his head as usual!
Right on the bull's-eye.
Right through the empty streets of Geneva the landau was quietly driven.
Right, lets try these new skills out!
Ring out those joyful bells.
Ring, and take me to my room!
Risks can be mitigated with foresight.
Rob Peter to pay Paul.
Rob and Bob went bowling.
Rob's wedding is in April.
Robbery, bribery, fraud
Robert was most impressed with Mary's prowess.
Robotic process automation will enable surgeons to perform delicate procedures easily.
Robots will be able to think independently when Artificial General Intelligence is discovered.
Robots will not destroy humanity.
Rock of ages.
Rock, paper, scissors is a popular children's game.
Romeo and Juliet is one of Shakespeare’s best plays
Ron's looking a bit peaky.
Rosa has been crying and is in distress.
Rosa looks up for the first time, quite frightened at the thought.
Rosa, with fresh tears, kneels at her feet and kisses her hand.
Roses are red, violets are blue.
Rows of people stood on the factory floor.
Run - run for your life!
Run home this moment, and fetch me a pair of gloves and a fan!
Running in the corridors is not allowed
Russia wouldn’t like that, and there would be high words.
Ryu practised the guitar.
Saccharin is an artificial sweetener.
Sadly it was too little, too late.
Sadly my telescope was nothing like the Hubble.
Safe in my own room, I read the letter.
Saffron rice is expensive.
Said the gentleman, "Don't you want to go there?"
Sam and Patricia watched a film while eating their supper.
Samuel collects shiny football stickers.
Samuel is a collector of rare retro games.
Sand, Cement and Gravel cohesively bond together to create a strong concrete mix.
Sandel would never become a world champion.
Santa Claus knows whether you're naughty or nice.
Sapphire makes great jewellery.
Sarah taught kids during the day and looked after her cats in the evening.
Saturn is a planet.
Saxon nodded, and the boy frowned.
Saxon waited, for she knew a fresh idea had struck Billy.
Saxon's onto her job.
Say I am innocent and I get a lawyer.
Say everything as is kind and forgiving on your part?
Say good-bye to your father, Sam.
Say it once again, and I'll biff you where you stand.
Say nothing to any one of what passes between us.
Say on, Augustus.
Say there's something you want to say to her.
Say what you have got to say!
Say what you have to say.
Say you are sure before I go away, Ma.
Scarcely had he uttered the name when Pierre's closing eyes shot open.
School is cancelled due to the fifty-foot dinosaur ravaging the area.
School meetings were held in the auditorium.
Scientists believe that life on Earth started more than four billion years ago
Scotch tape, also known as Sellotape, is very useful for wrapping Christmas presents
Scudder had got on to this, but he could not act for a fortnight.
Scudder has gone off the track there.
Scudder was content to call them collectively the “Black Stone”.
Sea shells are scattered across the beach.
Seal the envelope.
Search for cat images.
Seat belts have saved countless lives since its inception.
Secondly the woman came to the house.
Security by obscurity is the same as having no security.
See again, on the table here!
See another reason for urging it on!
See for yourself.
See here, on my arm!
See how eagerly the lobsters and the turtles all advance!
See how high you can make the ball bounce
See how the soot's falling.
See that you have left out nothing.
See the length of the body and that elongated neck.
See the mace and seal upon the table.
See the progress we are seeing in machine learning today.
See yet again a little.
See you Tuesday!
See you later. I must rush.
See you look after that.
See! You’re better than Bruce now.
See, at that little table over there? I kept it for them.
Select all rows between these dates.
Self-confidence seemed to ooze from the fellow's every pore.
Self-help books are useless unless internalized.
Send that off, Jeeves.
Sending our daughter to boarding school was the hardest decision we had to make.
Sentence first—verdict afterwards.
Sentimental, possibly, but we old journalists do have these feelings.
Separate the yolk from the egg.
Separating the wheat from the chaff.
Sequels are better if they have continuity.
Seriously, I would have you be on your guard.
Seventeen pounds eleven and fivepence.
Seventeen, no, eighteen days ago.
Several letters for Sir Leicester are upon it.
Several members of the bar are still to be heard, I believe?
Several people are awaiting trial, including John.
Sex is a subject that we need to talk about openly.
Shake a leg!
Shakespeare was a world-famous playwright.
Shall I carry you.
Shall I tell you something?
Shall we build the treehouse up this sycamore tree?
Shall we go and get something to eat?
Shall we go up in the lift, or shall we take the escalator?
Shall we go up in the lift, or take the escalator?
Shall we have a jacket potato for lunch?
Shall we just get a takeaway tonight?
Shall we watch a film at the cinema this afternoon?
She absolutely loves dancing and singing.
She accidentally spilt water into the boiling pan of oil
She acquiesced with the greatest suavity.
She acquired a power over her which was unassailable.
She added, with genuine sympathy in her face and voice.
She always ground her own coffee.
She and Paul went on alone together.
She and my Cousin Angela are close friends.
She announced her intention to conquer the world
She announced that the sequel was being pushed back.
She answered for herself directly.
She answered him with cold civility.
She appeared not to have heard.
She approached with trepidation
She asked me about myself, and I told her.
She assembled the flat-pack desk all by herself.
She ate some food and drank a glass of champagne.
She ate the last of the pizza
She attends classes regularly
She avoids artificial fibres such as polyester or nylon.
She became more than grave.
She began really to live as she understood life at this time.
She began to feel that she was in master-hands.
She believed in them implicitly.
She blushed again and again over the perverseness of the meeting.
She bought a top-of-the-range car with a hire purchase agreement
She bought flowery curtains for the new house.
She bought her daily copy of The Times at her local corner shop
She bought most of her clothes from a catalogue
She broke off, and stood glaring at Jeeves.
She buried her face in her arms and sobbed.
She buried her face in her hands and sobbed.
She burst into a torrent of foul oaths.
She buys most of her clothes at Bring and Buy sales
She calmly finishes the sentence.
She came down the long hall with Harry at her side.
She came down with a bout of flu.
She came down with a bout of influenza.
She can be proud of what she’s achieved
She can follow, no doubt, now without assistance.
She can jolly well sing for her supper!
She carefully placed the precious envelope in deposit box L and locked it.
She carried her clothes in a holdall
She caught Toto by the ear.
She caught her by the neck and lifted her up.
She caught up the dress and tried again.
She caught up with her before she reached the villa.
She certainly did not hate him.
She complained bitterly of all this to her husband.
She concealed her wedding ring from the thief.
She coughed heavily and then sighed.
She could not be.
She could not bear it when he was with Miriam.
She could not quell them.
She could not sit still.
She couldn’t make out what had happened at all.
She crouches on the parapet outside for hours and hours.
She cycled along the smooth, metalled road
She dared not complain.
She dared not even mention that gentleman.
She dared not go back to her room.
She declared her resolution.
She denied swinging from the chandelier.
She despises me now.
She detaches herself from her simple-hearted companion and leaves the room.
She dials the phone and waits.
She did not even do that!
She did not mince her words
She did not quite know what answer to make..
She did not shrink from the completion of the plan now.
She did not understand it.
She did, indeed, Louisa.
She died of oesophagal cancer.
She dines alone in her own room today.
She displays her environmental credentials by cycling to the shops on her pushbike
She dived from the diving board into the swimming pool.
She does not expect a judgment?
She does not know how much I know about those diamond eardrops.
She doesn't look it.
She draws off her glove to get some money from her purse.
She dreaded lest the chambermaid had been mistaken.
She dwelt in some street of Bohemia; so much was clear.
She eats a great deal.
She embraces the boy tightly.
She emphasised the point by waving her hands.
She exhibited, however, no signs of violence.
She explained his error to him in words of one syllable.
She exuded charisma and likability.
She faced discrimination at work, so she started her own business.
She falters, trembles, and puts her hand confusedly to her head.
She favoured the little one more.
She feigned offense at every opportunity.
She fell against me — her whole weight.
She fell at the first hurdle.
She fell upon my neck and kissed me twenty times.
She felt as if she had been used as a punchbag
She felt completely wrung out.
She felt the ends drawn close at the back of her head.
She finds Miss Pope a treasure.
She finished early that day, and decided to go to the spa.
She fixed her fine eyes on Africa again.
She flung her glass of wine in his face
She flung herself on to a bench.
She found history, geography and Latin to be exceptionally boring.
She found walking in the woods a very good way to relax
She gathered in carefully the girl's frock.
She gave a gulp.
She gave herself into Helene's hands.
She gave him a real roasting.
She gave his address.
She glanced up at my entrance.
She goes down without answering or looking behind her.
She got a first for her photography module.
She got up at once.
She grew absolutely ashamed of herself.
She had a bad cough.
She had a beautiful bathing costume
She had a blood clot.
She had a constant ringing in her ears.
She had a fortune in precious stones — oh, but a large fortune!
She had a gift of rapid comprehension.
She had a pained expression throughout the interview.
She had a soft demeanour.
She had a twinkle in her eye.
She had a very smart flat on the second floor
She had all the missionary zeal of a fanatic.
She had already learnt that Lady Catherine was still in the country.
She had an electric cooker, but with gas rings rather than an electric hob
She had been carefully tutored for her work.
She had been losing.
She had been really pained by Adele's conversation.
She had been saying all the while, "Let me go!"
She had been thoroughly and efficiently mauled.
She had been wont to sail into the room, distant, mystical.
She had bloodshot eyes from lack of sleep.
She had but a few seconds.
She had but to stand and submit.
She had cheated, increasing her chances of winning the hand to eighty-three percent
She had died from cold and starvation.
She had drawn her inference from one simple fact.
She had gained her point, and had time to consider it.
She had given a faint indication of intending to speak.
She had her audience already expectant of mysteries, prepared for marvels.
She had her victims safe within the villa.
She had him wrapped up around her fingers.
She had kept her eyes open.
She had lived in a lax world.
She had never seen such a strange-looking soldier in all her life.
She had never set eyes on it before.
She had no faith in you.
She had one thought — to hide herself in the darkness of the garden.
She had only youth and a pretty face.
She had polished off her salmon, and now put the plate down.
She had put them secretly away.
She had replied, gratefully accepting his proposal.
She had said the wrong thing.
She had scarcely eaten a morsel for several days.
She had set about the task of seducing the maid.
She had such an exquisite little nosegay in her hand.
She had them to herself.
She had thought he might have been employed.
She had travelled much amongst monotonous, drab towns without character or amusements.
She had very little notice from any but him.
She hadn’t heard the rumours that were going around the office.
She hailed a closed cab and drove off inside it.
She half closed her eyes.
She has a great fortune in jewels.
She has a high pedigree.
She has a staid composure.
She has an extensive vintage record collection.
She has been acting a part the whole time.
She has been the confidential friend rather than the maid.
She has exceptional grades.
She has had cataract surgery in both eyes.
She has high self-esteem and is confident in carrying herself.
She has hypochondria.
She has known him only a fortnight.
She has metastatic cancer.
She has my utmost respect.
She has no daughter of her own, has she?
She has pride, sensibility, all the natural feelings of a good woman.
She has something to tell us.
She has to write.
She has two nieces of her own.
She heard her discussing with her maid what frock she should wear.
She heard the door open again and shut again.
She held her head averted.
She held out her wrists.
She hesitates, but he motions again, and she sits down.
She hides the earrings in her pocket.
She hired a transit van when she moved out of her rented flat
She hit on the great idea of snail farming.
She is a book reviewer and literary critic.
She is a great deal too ill to be moved.
She is a hypochondriac.
She is a leader in the Fintech industry.
She is a most affectionate creature, as I have reason to say.
She is a most charming young lady indeed.
She is acquainted with the man, the dogs' chiropodist.
She is always hurrying from one appointment to the next.
She is an Athlete.
She is an expert poker player.
She is an extraordinary woman.
She is an intellectual property solicitor in London, specialising in licensing.
She is asked where the jewels are hidden.
She is conscientious.
She is essentially the life-giving, life-conserving female of the species.
She is far from being in a happy frame of mind.
She is going to cook us a roast for Sunday lunch
She is gone down to her uncle at Liverpool: gone to stay.
She is having fun playing with her rubber duck in the bath
She is merely a danger to them.
She is more a friend than an acquaintance.
She is not in sight yet?
She is not quite prostrated by fatigue?
She is not such a simpleton.
She is now decided, and prepared to throw it off.
She is only now in a natural sleep.
She is persuaded that he must be a Freemason.
She is quite a little creature.
She is really mischievous.
She is refusing to play by the rules.
She is right, Adele.
She is sly and full of malice.
She is some good woman anxious to earn four thousand francs.
She is the child of the universe.
She is the dearest friend I have!
She is the highest performing worker indeed.
She is the lead lecturer of informatics.
She is the most beautiful creature I ever beheld!
She is the pivot it all turns on.
She is training to be a veterinary surgeon
She is very fortunate in her guardian.
She is way ahead of her time.
She is wearing a long gown.
She is young, but she knows her world.
She jerked out the words between her sobs.
She keeps fit by jogging at least twice a week.
She kept her head quite still, and then — why was he so long?
She kept her little secrets in her pencil case.
She kicked and writhed, and a little tearing sound was heard.
She knew not what to think, or how to account for it.
She knew that for want of food she was almost fainting.
She knew very well.
She knows certainly that we are here.
She knows how devoted you are to food.
She knows such a very little!
She knows you simply got cold feet.
She laid a quivering hand on his shoulder.
She lay back and cried quietly in the darkness of the carriage.
She lay back with her eyes closed.
She lay back, drinking in the fresh air.
She lay with her bosom heaving.
She leaned forward in anxiety.
She lectured that he needed to change his ways.
She lifted this dress out and said that nothing was missing there.
She lifts up her eyes and looks at him.
She liked her bra and pants to be white
She liked him too little to care for his approbation.
She likes to have a bath rather than a shower
She lives in Geneva.
She lives in Scotland, in Edinburgh
She lives the same life still?
She locked her jewels away in this safe.
She looked about the room.
She looked at Adele.
She looked at me in a pleading sort of way.
She looked at me inquiringly.
She looked at me, perplexed.
She looked ill, and her face was very white.
She looked like a tomato struggling for self-expression.
She looked round the room.
She looked round upon the company and shrugged her shoulders.
She looked through the girl's wardrobe to see what was missing.
She looked towards the glass doors and understood.
She looked with a secretly glistening eye.
She looks sickly and cross.
She looks to me like t'other one.
She loved him dearly; he knew it, and I knew it.
She loved science, and at school physics and mathematics were her favourite subjects
She loved the color mauve.
She made a little dolly out of a clothes peg
She made a slip there.
She made a special statement to say sorry
She made an apt point.
She made her mistake in that.
She made light work of her sewing.
She made no effort to withdraw it.
She made no remonstrance.
She made no struggle of resistance; she lay quiet and still.
She made use of a small plug-in in Firefox
She managed to ascend to the third branch, before falling.
She managed to believe six impossible things before breakfast
She may be an hour, she may be more.
She may have loved me once.
She melted before one's eyes.
She mentioned this to her friend Miss Lucas.
She merely moves her head in reply.
She merely proposed herself for your maid, you know.
She might have just turned out the pocket of an old dress.
She might well be one of my great aunts.
She might write a letter.
She mostly listens to audiobooks and podcasts
She moved a fire-screen in front of it.
She moved like one in a dream.
She must at any rate preserve the memory of that colour.
She must be earning three times the national average.
She must have been a remarkably clever girl.
She must have changed her dress last night in an unusual hurry.
She must have noted your lack of appetite.
She must have noticed your supreme sacrifice.
She needs no further escort.
She negligently calls him back.
She never again referred to it, from that day onwards.
She never ate more than half a plateful
She never turns her head.
She nodded, and her eyes grew soft and moist.
She obeyed, shrinking back with the baby in her arms.
She obtained top marks in her maths exams.
She offered him a paltry rate.
She offered me a bribe, he said.
She opened her eyes, and she wondered.
She opened the door.
She ordered the sausages while he asked for a salad.
She paid her rent in monthly instalments
She passed her driving test on her first attempt.
She paused at this point and gave me a look.
She paused for a moment or two to recover her composure.
She picked him up and ran toward the balloon.
She picked up the necklace and stuffed it into her bag
She picks up most of her vintage clothes at jumble sales
She pitied him deeply.
She placed it in the cab and waited in the doorway.
She placed the cloak just outside the door of the salon.
She pleaded that she was left exhausted at the end of them.
She pleaded with him, in a trembling voice.
She pointed to the recess; her voice rang with contempt.
She popped over yesterday and drank four glasses of wine!
She positively laughed at the fancy.
She practises very constantly. So much the better.
She preserved the evenness of her disposition..
She pressed herself against the pillar.
She put her hat on her head.
She quoted the saying: money doesn't grow on trees.
She raised herself, or rather would have raised herself.
She ran back into the rooms.
She ran in, and was running out again when she saw me.
She ran to the cloak-room, and came back again with her cloak.
She really hated getting up in the morning
She really is a marvel.
She really looked almost wild.
She really needed her espresso in the morning.
She received a jasmine flower.
She recovered herself with an effort.
She recovers her balance.
She referred to the answer she gave yesterday.
She relied on her cleaner to keep the place free of dust.
She remained standing just for a moment without moving.
She removed the girl's hat and cloak and tossed them aside.
She rose to her feet, and tottered.
She rose vividly before their minds as a living woman.
She roughly plucked the earrings out of the girl's ears.
She runs so fearfully quick.
She rushed out into the garden.
She said gently, but very seriously, "you are not kind."
She said it with an involuntary contraction of her fine black eyebrows.
She said she had a headache.
She said she would kick her slippers off.
She said that you invented your own tests.
She said with chattering teeth.
She sank again into unconsciousness.
She sank into a chair, looking a bit shop-worn.
She sank into her chair, and he came over to her side.
She sat across the room.
She sat stiff, with eyes fixed and staring.
She saw a feline shape stalking through the bushes
She saw the answer in his face.
She saw the houses in darkness.
She saw the men upon the threshold.
She saw who the intruder was: it was her lover, Harry.
She scarcely makes a stop, and sweeps upstairs alone.
She screamed; "I want to go, too!"
She screamed; "run for the cellar!"
She searched in vain for a familiar face.
She seemed about to speak, but I checked her with a gesture.
She seemed glad to see me.
She seemed to come out of a reverie.
She seemed to like cheese straws.
She seemed to respect him and even to wish to conciliate him.
She seemed to shimmy a bit.
She seemed to sway like a sapling.
She seems so aloof, so remote.
She seems to be implying that I can never improve.
She seems to feel The stir of life along her keel.
She seems to have acquired some bad habits
She sees her chance.
She sells handmade bracelets.
She sewed most of her own clothes.
She shall sit opposite, with the light upon her face.
She shortly and unexpectedly addressed me in the same sulky way.
She should have given her a false name.
She should have stuck with it.
She shrank from it.
She shut her eyes against the blinding light.
She sighed resignedly.
She signed a two-year contract at the age of eighteen.
She silently lays trains of gunpowder.
She slightly showed me her arm, and it was fearfully thin indeed.
She smiled imploringly, gratefully.
She sneered at them.
She snorted emotionally.
She spoke aloud and quite indifferently.
She spoke in a quiet and most serious voice.
She spoke with a cool foreign accent.
She stands looking out at the same stars without a word.
She stared at Helene with incredulous, horror-stricken eyes.
She stared at him stupidly.
She stared, coloured, doubted, and was silent.
She started and saw Adele's arm flash upwards.
She started forward, and Adele spoke sternly from the seat opposite.
She stayed with us nearly three weeks.
She steps on to the drive.
She still cherished a very tender affection for Bingley.
She still seems to be in quite a lot of pain.
She stood at the side of the pavement, and crossed at the pedestrian crossing
She stood just within the door of the supper-room.
She stood on the pavement and burst into tears.
She stood twisting the fingers and scratching the gravel with her foot.
She stood up again.
She studies something at her leisure.
She suddenly ran across the room and knelt down before Celia.
She swept down the corridor, looking neither to left nor to right.
She then walked me on very fast.
She thought it time to strike.
She thought she was going to be stung.
She thought; and she steeled herself against the thought.
She told her share of the story — she told what happened.
She told me herself.
She told the news to Helene when they reached the villa.
She told us so this morning.
She told us that the strange woman Adele had black hair.
She took a cheese straw.
She took another cheese straw.
She took up a length of the thin cord.
She took up her part at once.
She tore off her gloves and showed them her lacerated wrists.
She treated her just as the others had done.
She tried to participate, but nobody listened.
She tried to rise to her feet.
She tried to scream; she could not utter a sound.
She turned and caught his coat.
She turned her head back again towards the window.
She turned in at the hotel.
She turned to him; unconsciously familiar words rose to her lips.
She turned to the elder woman with a sort of appeal.
She turned, fearing that Jacques might see what was in her face.
She understood quickly what was the matter, and laughed at her affectionately.
She understood well the things of which she and her friend had talked.
She used a cash dispenser to withdraw money
She used a plaster to cover a small cut on her little finger
She used archaic terminology in her conversation.
She uses SnapChat more than Facebook
She uttered a bellow of rage.
She utters a little sharp scream.
She walked me on faster yet.
She walks faster than I do.
She wanted to understand how she could license her copyright.
She was a brilliant undergraduate who went on to gain first class honours
She was a famous Norwegian politician.
She was a good, good woman!
She was a great fan of country music
She was a mature six-year-old.
She was a schoolmistress in her younger days.
She was a shop assistant at the local shoe shop
She was a visionary and will be deeply missed.
She was a woman of mean understanding, little information, and uncertain temper.
She was a youthful eighty-year-old, and not at all old-fashioned.
She was about to say?
She was always being deceived and imposed upon.
She was always grave and strict.
She was always promising more than she could deliver.
She was at no pains to wear a mask.
She was awakened some time the next day by the door opening.
She was barred for using foul language.
She was both beautiful and young to their eyes.
She was built primarily to sail.
She was by nature extraordinarily sensitive to impressions.
She was carrying a huge rucksack, with sleeping bag and tent
She was certainly quite young.
She was cheated of her heart's desire.
She was collecting useful things in her bottom drawer
She was coughing and spluttering all the way through the concert.
She was desperate to train as a fighter pilot.
She was desperate, she was lonely.
She was distraught that she scored lower by just a few points.
She was dressed as Helene had described.
She was duped; she was perpetually robbed.
She was even more beautiful than when I saw her, before.
She was given a fine for illegal parking.
She was gobsmacked to be told that she had contracted glandular fever
She was his now, forever.
She was hot, and she took a hurried bath.
She was important, but really ordinary and straightforward.
She was in a feverish mood of excitement.
She was in ecstasy.
She was in pain, and her throat burned.
She was injured from the previous game.
She was kidding you.
She was laid upon her bed.
She was made for them.
She was mending a sack.
She was never too tired for that.
She was not discontented with her conversation.
She was not here last night.
She was not kidding me.
She was not with them.
She was of the dregs.
She was only at the beginning of them.
She was overpowered by shame and vexation.
She was placed in a chair.
She was pleased to be accepted onto the course
She was prepared with an escape from the difficulty?
She was prosecuted for drink-driving, and she lost her licence
She was quite dead.
She was really fond of her work colleagues.
She was recognizable after the makeover.
She was sallow, with black hair and bright eyes like beads.
She was sallow; her eyes, her hair, were dark.
She was shopping near the casino when he passed her.
She was sick and faint with terror.
She was silent for a moment or two.
She was singularly quick, singularly receptive.
She was sleeping under his protection as sweetly as a child.
She was speaking impatiently to Celia.
She was still standing in the hall.
She was sure of it the next instant.
She was sure she could not free them.
She was telling him the story last night.
She was the leader.
She was the only female surgeon that I knew.
She was the perfect picture of a servant who knew her place.
She was the rigid, respectable peasant woman, speaking out her contempt.
She was the stout woman with whom your young friend went away?
She was thin and gaunt, and never smiled, now.
She was thought to be putting on the kettle.
She was to accompany Sir William and his second daughter.
She was too much puzzled to make any other remark.
She was trying to pass the apron string around him.
She was uncharacteristically quiet.
She was unfairly criticised
She was up to her chin in salt water.
She was very much attached to me — very much.
She was violently sick on awakening.
She was walking by the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face.
She was watching the woman, and she was watching him fascinated with terror.
She was, however, really troubled in another way.
She wasn't able to anticipate the strike.
She wasn't able to go swimming as she had a verruca on her foot
She wasn't sure whether to buy the estate car, or the saloon version
She wasn’t able to get through, as the line was engaged
She wasn’t able to shed any light on the problem, unfortunately.
She watched him a little anxiously as she took it.
She wears woollen clothes or natural fibres such as silk, cotton or linen.
She went from hero to zero in a heartbeat.
She went into the kitchen and fetched the key of the garage.
She went to to the chemist to buy her medication
She went, the strange woman, without a tremor to her ordeal.
She will be here shortly.
She will be taken good care of.
She will find it waiting for her on her return.
She will follow wherever Lydia leads.
She will kick, she will struggle.
She will not give to people the opportunity to find her generous.
She will not speak, it is plain.
She will not think me ill-bred, I hope?
She will not, I think, be for very long a burden.
She will recover from this shock.
She will see you in a totally new light.
She will still grow old.
She will succeed, my love!
She will tell of her own will.
She will walk there for some time to ease her aching head.
She will, will she?
She withdrew my double chin; I conceded her shark.
She won gold at the Olympics on the asymmetric bars
She worked at the county court for several years.
She would call for Paul no more, she said.
She would fail, miserably and shamefully fail.
She would fight to keep Paul.
She would have fallen, but she could not fall.
She would have had seances all day, but Celia pleaded that she was exhausted.
She would have had seances all day.
She would have to be a little more careful.
She would make spirits appear and speak!
She would never forgive herself — would never forgive Celia.
She would not be likely to take a long drive that afternoon.
She would not believe.
She would not even wish for a renewal of his attentions.
She would not let him go.
She would think you were puffing.
She wrapped the presents beautifully.
She wrenched herself from his arms, she shrank violently away.
She wrote to me every day, without fail.
She'd make a good wife for the cashier.
She's a bright person, isn't she?
She's a fantastic knitter.
She's a professional film critic, and a very good one.
She's a slippery customer, no two ways about it.
She's alive and must be brought here straight!
She's always tried to be a domestic goddess.
She's as handy as it's possible to be.
She's broken-hearted about this rift, Tuppy.
She's focusing on her studies.
She's pining for him.
She's probably looking for you now.
She's really pushing her luck!
She's totally obsessed.
She's trying to encourage underrepresented groups to edit Wikipedia
Sheldon glanced at the thermometer.
Sherbet is sweet.
Sherry trifle is the tops!
She’ll get me executed, as sure as ferrets are ferrets!
She’ll wake up soon, don't worry
She’s making me feel really uncomfortable.
Shift down a gear.
Shirking won't do for me.
Shooting pains passed like flashes of electricity through his body.
Shorter mortgage terms cost more monthly but charge less interest.
Shortly after he left your room, sir.
Shorty turned to their employers.
Should I go to Richard's by myself?
Should I meet you there?
Should I sigh a bit when we meet, do you think?
Should I use Keras or Pytorch?
Should I use json or yaml in this case?
Should we be melancholy, boys?
Shout, then, and wake Waterbury.
Show 'em how you scratch.
Show me again on the action replay
Show me relevant results.
Show me the highlights of the match of the day.
Show off your inner groove.
Showing empathy is what makes us human.
Shush! I'm in the middle of a muffin emergency.
Shutting his eyes and rolling.
Sift the evidence.
Silence all round, if you please!
Silent Night.
Silicon Valley is a hub of tech talent.
Silly, of course, but there it is.
Simmons brought about an early closure..
Simmons, take your prize.
Simon loves musical theatre.
Simple, you observe, Jeeves.
Since father died, sir, I've gone out to work.
Since he has your orders to come, I will not interrupt you.
Since the car is gone, as you say, that is so.
Since the parcel has been delayed, can you expedite a replacement?
Since then some mysterious force has been fighting us at every step.
Since you last saw him, Gussie has been on a bender.
Single, my dear, to be sure!
Sinkholes are caused by an erosion of underground stone.
Sir Leicester doubts his hearing.
Sir Leicester has no objection to an interminable Chancery suit.
Sir Leicester is devoted to you almost to infatuation.
Sir Leicester is distinctly heard to gasp before speaking.
Sir Leicester is twenty years, full measure.
Sir Leicester wanted to know by whom, and what for.
Sir Leicester was very lofty indeed.
Sir Leicester's magnificence explodes.
Sir Leicester, I am quite aware of it.
Sir Leicester, these particulars have only lately become known to me.
Sir Walter had joined us, and presently MacGillivray arrived.
Sir Walter is engaged, sir, and I have orders to admit no one.
Sir Walter’s face showed surprise and annoyance.
Sir William did not say much.
Sir William had been delighted with him.
Sir William, how can you tell such a story?
Sir, I did not think what power I was putting into her hands.
Sir, I do indeed.
Sit down, you dancing, prancing, shambling, scrambling parrot!
Sit on our staircase and read.
Sitting well back in the shadow I watched them carefully.
Sitting with her, I found —  which was very unusual indeed  —  a stranger.
Six of one, and half-a-dozen of the other.
Slice the aubergine.
Slow down on approach to the intersection.
Slow down to let people cross at the zebra crossing.
Slow down!
Slowly but surely.
Slowly that thorn let me go.
Small left us at a week's notice.
Small told me of the cat.
Small's head looks out of window too, and nods.
Smartphones are like an extension of the human brain.
Smartphones have proliferated and become the standard.
Smith, Roberts and Jones formed a band.
Snakes and ladders is a game of chance.
Snakes and ladders is a very popular board game
Snakes and scorpions are best avoided.
Sneak back to your room and barricade the door.
Snoop Dog popularized the phrase "For shizzle".
So Charley and I, without saying anything to anyone, went out.
So Hughie and I did the managing ourselves.
So I asked her — 'Was she not wearing them?'
So I make four pounds — in a lump — by the transaction!
So I promised I would ask you.
So I said, "Come in!"
So I set out all my conclusions on a bit of Admiralty paper.
So I shall not say good-bye, Richard.
So I take my precautions — never mind for the moment what they were.
So I was right, you see!
So I would be the next to go.
So a lot that he said slipped clean out of my memory.
So all of us can compete.
So cheer up, and give us your paw.
So did I too, for that matter.
So did his father, and his grandfather, and his great-grandfather!
So far I had been miraculously lucky.
So far as I could understand, they rarely presented themselves at all.
So far as flags were concerned, they were beyond all jurisdiction.
So far she spoke the truth; then she lied.
So far that's satisfactory, and it does you credit.
So far, he read in silence; then he broke out again.
So forget and forgive all round, George.
So genteel and easy!
So have you, Bertie.
So he did return!
So he does not look out of window.
So he had got on in life, and here he was!
So he led the way and the others followed.
So he no longer troubles his head about it.
So he ought to.
So he received a telegram.
So he walked to the Throne Room and knocked at the door.
So he whistles it off and marches on.
So her jewels were, after all, never stolen?
So here’s a question for you.
So high and so conceited that there was no enduring him!
So imprudent a match on both sides!
So insurmountable, as you must well know, would be his objections.
So little did I know of the world!
So many ponies munching; very pretty!
So much depends upon this interview.
So much of her own happiness, hung upon its success.
So much the man of fashion!
So much the poorer you; so much the richer I!
So my informant told me.
So no more discussion, Jeeves.
So now I was able to reply with a manly, disarming frankness.
So now we come back to our pot of cold cream.
So now, although no word was spoken, she was aware of it.
So now, as I say, the talk rather hung fire.
So on and so forth.
So she called softly after it, ‘Mouse dear!’
So she got up, and held out her hand.
So she said, the irate skipper dashed on.
So she set to work, and very soon finished off the cake.
So she went in search of her hedgehog.
So that after all these two may get married.
So that was straightened out.
So the Sabbath was the reason for this strange decorum.
So the Wizard unfastened his head and emptied out the straw.
So the sooner you're off, the better.
So there is hope for the old ship yet.
So there it is.
So they collected as much as they could.
So they couldn’t get them out again.
So they got their tails fast in their mouths.
So they got thrown out to sea.
So they had to fall a long way.
So this calling follows the rest.
So to London we will go.
So unexpected was my charge that I knocked him off his feet.
So vivid was the feeling, instinctively they drew nearer together.
So was Packard's finish suicide.
So we could have some respite.
So we get on, we don't know how, but somehow.
So we have to fit the boat throughout with oil lamps as well.
So with the bearded bloke.
So you gave him notice?
So you have already made your mind up on that point!
So you kept him after all?
So you noticed that!
So you shall be my partner instead.
So you think he might be hard upon me, eh?
So you've won the Scripture-knowledge prize, have you?
So, all the valuables I have.
So, as I was saying.
So, how do you explain that?
So, what do you propose?
So, what now?
So, why do they need all of this information anyway?
Soaked in seawater they offset the heat rays.
Soccer is called Football in England.
Soccer is known as Football in England.
Social media has taken over our lives.
Social media is useful, but scary.
Social media must automatically filter graphic content.
Society is shaken to its foundations.
Society, I own, is necessary to me.
Soda can be used to clean hardened stains in the bathroom.
Soda has a lot of sugar in it.
Soda is healthier without sugar.
Software development can be expensive.
Software frameworks exist to let developers focus on writing business logic.
Solar energy fueled the electric car.
Solar technology can be embedded in day to day furniture.
Some Car batteries require a top-up of deionized water.
Some amiable gardener sells them.
Some areas are still closed after the incident.
Some business models are dated and do not reflect the current generation.
Some cars have high rev engines.
Some cases are just too complex.
Some children are born with a heart murmur.
Some consider that army discipline is good for young people.
Some eat turkey for Thanksgiving, but I ate lasagna.
Some employers think it easiest just to hire and fire.
Some like to fabricate distinctions between a lady and a woman.
Some little friction, I gather, regarding Angela's shark.
Some long while afterwards the car slackened its speed.
Some magnetic current brought her grave messages of fear.
Some new technologies are disruptive and shake up the way an entire industry works.
Some of his periods were quite majestic!
Some of the smaller veins had doubtless been ruptured.
Some one had thrust a large sheath-knife into his hand.
Some one here who means harm!
Some one let the murderers in.
Some one ran along the border here on his toes.
Some one within the house was an accomplice — we start with that fact.
Some passersby fortunately caught him as he fell.
Some people are calling for a software developers' professional code of conduct.
Some people are only addicted to the feeling of being in love.
Some people are scared of intangible ideas until they are realized.
Some people come from a high-class, high-pay background.
Some people confuse the honeymoon period as being love.
Some people like to have vinegar with their chips
Some people think it more polite to say napkin rather than serviette
Some people use the word toilet, some prefer loo
Some places get snow in the winter and others don't.
Some plastics consist of composite materials.
Some pounds, and odd shillings, I think, were mentioned.
Some pride is left in me even yet.
Some sellers are seeing exponential growth after introducing new experiences.
Some smartwatches can detect atrial fibrillation.
Some sort of paste on toast.
Some things were lost in translation.
Some think it must be Carrots, some say the Brick.
Some time or other we shall be happy to hear you.
Some towels were tumbled upon the floor beside the bath.
Some towns are decaying because residents have moved to the city.
Some windows and doors are opened, and people come out to look.
Somebody always does it for me.
Somebody had written up a list of number plates on the noticeboard
Somebody has to address the public policy issues - but not me.
Somebody must have shut it.
Somebody should say something
Somebody stole her from me at Cannes.
Somehow I did not think he had, and to that I had clung.
Somehow the place soothed me and put me at my ease.
Somehow there are large clumps of plastic in the Arctic.
Someone must have been searching for something — perhaps for the pocket-book.
Someone stole the crown!
Someone switched on the light.
Something about it seemed to fascinate him, to challenge his presence.
Something dropped on me, catching the point of my left shoulder.
Something gleamed darkly in his hand; it was the barrel of his revolver.
Something hard in the detective's pocket knocked against his companion.
Something is left to be understood.
Something of his former attitude seemed to return to him.
Something old, something new, something borrowed, something blue.
Something on those lines.
Something that Whittemore had not yet said thrilled him.
Something told me he was a dancer.
Something vastly more thrilling had come into it now.
Sometimes I watch Netflix, and sometimes Virgin Media.
Sometimes cold callers use a fake caller id number. Be wary.
Sometimes he would lay down the paper and turn his glasses on the sea.
Sometimes her dreams were filled with visions.
Sometimes the best way to help someone is just listening to them.
Sometimes the past is not the best indicator of the future.
Sometimes there isn't any milk, and sometimes the cat drinks it.
Sometimes trade-offs are made when projects are rushed.
Somewhere behind me I felt fresh air.
Soon many of you will be walking along Broadway.
Soon shall it be thrust back from off prostrate humanity.
Soon the folk in the picture-shop knew her, and knew about Paul.
Sophia seemed distressed, did something terrible happen?
Sophie has decided to move on to pastures new.
Sophie will be moving for greener pastures.
Sorbet is a type of water ice
Sorrier than I can say.
Sorry I cannot recall exactly where I put it.
Sorry mum, it turns out you were right after all.
Sorry we're not the decision makers.
Sorry you were troubled.
Sorry, I can't see. I've lost my glasses
Sorry, I don't know my way around campus yet.
Sorry, I missed that.
Sorry, I really didn't mean it.
Sorry, are you reading that brochure?
Sorry, but we need your original birth certificate, not a copy.
Sorry, my calendar is full until late next week.
Sorry, that book is no longer in circulation.
Sort by highest price last.
Sort by lowest price first.
Sort by product description.
Sort the page in ascending order.
Sort the page in descending order.
Sound waves aren't able to propagate through a vacuum.
Sounds of more broken glass.
Soundscape allows the blind to see using only sound.
Soup of the evening, beautiful soup!
Sow the seeds firmly in the ground.
Space ships need a scrubber system to filter carbon dioxide.
Spammers send out indiscriminate emails.
Speak the truth, please!
Speak to Lizzy about it yourself.
Speak your truth quietly and clearly
Speaking for myself, I intend to return to bed.
Spectators were abound at the tournament.
Speculators say artificial intelligence is the next big thing.
Speech recognition systems need to work for people with speech impediments.
Speechless, he handed the telegram over.
Speeding increases the risk of car accidents.
Spell-bound, I take it.
Spicy baked feta.
Spicy food would exacerbate my condition.
Spicy prawn and garlic pasta.
Spirited piece of work, that!
Spoken like the best of women!
Spot of pie?
Spread the word about tech for good goals.
Spring onions are very tasty in a salad
Stand and deliver, the highwayman said.
Stand forth, Jo, in uncompromising colours!
Stand off butcher and baker and all the rest.
Stars God's daisy chain.
Stars are the light from distant suns.
Start off with the glimmering landscape.
Start with the low hanging fruit and you'll be encouraged more.
Startling facts would come to light elicited by his deft questions.
Stay and listen; please don't go
Steel is easily recyclable.
Steel is inherently heavy.
Steel is widely recycled.
Stephen caught a huge pike yesterday
Stephen unraveled the bandage carefully.
Steps, not dock steps, and so place probably not harbour.
Steve grossly underestimated the magnitude of the problem.
Stick the stamp on the envelope.
Still I managed to pull myself together.
Still I think it charming.
Still eating plenty of fish?
Still it is difficult quite to forget one's profession.
Still looking up at the window.
Still no one noticed her.
Still no sign of anything on the road.
Still nothing appeared on that long white road.
Still on Friday night Miriam often came down for her French lesson.
Still the car would have to stop there.
Still the woman follows, crying, "Stop him, please stop him!"
Still, I must confess he is not without faults, love.
Still, I will own it, you caught me napping yesterday.
Still, here I am.
Still, it's not right, you know; is it?
Still, something could be done, I suppose, if it were absolutely necessary.
Still, there it is.
Still, there it was.
Stop acting like such special snowflakes.
Stop fooling, damn you!
Stop harassing me!
Stop pestering me!
Storms are predicted across the Pacific Ocean.
Straight out they swam, their heads growing smaller and smaller.
Strike home, sir, strike home!
Strong enough to be told a secret, I think?
Students specialise in rote memorisation techniques.
Students were messing around in class and dropped a beaker on the floor.
Subjectively speaking, cheese is horrible.
Submerge the clothes in the diluted solution for ten minutes.
Substance abuse harms lives.
Such a countenance, such manners!
Such a disappointment!
Such a dog the wise driver kills, or turns loose.
Such a soft sweet voice it had!
Such amiable qualities must speak for themselves.
Such an act was in direct violation of the laws of the land.
Such an inflexible little woman, too, through all!
Such doings discomposed Mr. Bennet exceedingly.
Such is my passage engaged on the steamer.
Such is my reward and doom.
Such men believe, when they come together.
Such restraints are usual in the experiments of which I have read.
Such tears in her eyes, and such love in her face.
Such things had occurred before, he told Philip.
Such things in her brain were like so many oaths on her lips.
Such very superior dancing is not often seen.
Such were the kind of lamentations resounding perpetually through the house.
Suddenly Jeanne stopped for an instant.
Suddenly Mr. Ricardo started in his chair.
Suddenly Uncle Henry stood up.
Suddenly a spasm shoots across her face and she turns deadly pale.
Suddenly he frowned.
Suddenly he leaned out of the window.
Suddenly he stretched out a forefinger.
Suddenly his fingers closed tightly over the handkerchief.
Suddenly my prisoner broke from me and flung himself on the wall.
Suddenly she brightened up.
Suddenly the prayers ceased.
Suddenly we may find our skills are obsolete.
Suddenly, the lighthouse went dark.
Suffering depression does not mean a person is psychotic.
Summer solstice is typically June twenty-first, but sometimes it's earlier or later.
Summer vacation is the best time of the year!
Summon me anywhere, and I will come.
Supermarket chains have greater buying power and can arrange deals with suppliers.
Supported by his arm she stumbled down the stairs to the garden.
Suppose I barge into something.
Suppose I say to a man, "how much?"
Suppose that Celia were one of the victims?
Suppose that's where he's lurking?
Suppose they make faces at me.
Suppose you saw me at work through the window.
Supposing we take a little rest here.
Sure, I'll drop you off at the central station.
Sure, just grab whatever you need.
Surely I will excuse you, she cried.
Surely everyone keeps a pet mouse in their pocket?
Surely it isn't true?
Surely no wild beast could wish a pleasanter home.
Surely nobody keeps a vehicle in their garage?
Surgery for frozen shoulder is not particularly effective.
Surprisingly, pink is not one of the colours of the rainbow.
Susan repeatedly denied surprising him.
Suspicion and misunderstanding were the fault of the suit?
Suspicion, eager and sharp, looks out.
Sweet-and-sour chicken.
Swiftly his eyes measured the situation.
Swiss citizens can very often speak French and German.
Switch on the bath.
Synthetic Intelligence.
System on chip architectures has improved.
Ta very much.
Tack this picture to the wall.
Taekwondo is a form of martial arts.
Take DuckDuckGo for an example.
Take a deep breath and try again.
Take a little care of Pa while I am gone, Mama!
Take any big Teutonic business concern.
Take away their foreman and they wouldn't be worth their grub.
Take care I hear no noise.
Take care you do no harm by this.
Take it away, my dear.
Take kindly the counsel of the years
Take me as I am, and make the best of me.
Take me as I am.
Take my advice and accept the vacation.
Take notes; this is important.
Take the full course of your medication.
Take the one on the left and close it behind you.
Take the road to the South and you will soon reach it.
Take your choice!
Take your choice, but you must be satisfied with only one.
Taken with another fit of cowardice, I cried out for Joseph.
Talk about the day I met her.
Talk about the sunset.
Tap to exit.
Teachers are a source of wisdom for the next generation.
Tease calmness of manner and presence of mind!
Tease him — laugh at him.
Tech companies need to build systems that are ethically beneficial to all.
Tech companies will all require an ethical policy in the future.
Technology begets even faster more efficient technology.
Technology can augment the physical capabilities of humans.
Technology can enable disabled people to become physically capable and independent.
Technology companies will need to take a responsible approach.
Technology designed for the disabled is also useful to the elderly.
Technology is advancing so rapidly, it's hard to keep up.
Technology plays a vital role in reaching people following natural disasters.
Teenagers like to gossip.
Telekinesis is a fictional type of brain to brain communication.
Telematics is a technique for tracking the activity and performance of a car.
Tell her how it was.
Tell him my opinion of it.
Tell him to Sod Off!
Tell him what it is.
Tell me frankly, Jeeves, are you in pretty good shape mentally?
Tell me more.
Tell me that you are better today.
Tell me the composition of this material.
Tell me, did you turn to Humpty Dumpty?
Tell me, what is this?
Tell others what you think about your purchase, leave a review.
Tell us this idea of yours, Jeeves.
Tell us — where did you hide them?
Telling a fellow he was getting a double chin!
Temporarily be blowed.
Ten minutes had not elapsed since he had dropped the handkerchief.
Ten minutes later the innkeeper slipped into the room, his eyes bright with excitement.
Ten percent remaining before fuel depletion.
Tensorflow runs faster with a graphics card.
Terrified cats scamper across the road.
Text to Speech.
Text to speech can be used to narrate websites.
Text to speech for interfaces and in real-world scenarios.
Text to speech systems sounds less robotic than they used to.
Thai food has a lovely coconut aroma and flavour.
Thank God it was a black night.
Thank goodness that polio has been eradicated.
Thank goodness you've come, Bertie.
Thank you for waiting.
Thank you for your order!.
Thank you over and over again, father!
Thank you so much for the meal, I'm bursting!.
Thank you very much, sir.
Thank you, and God bless you, in her name!
Thank you, madam.
Thank you. Will definitely investigate.
Thankfully the autonomous car detected the obstruction and avoided a collision.
Thanks so much for the kind pressie.
That I can tell you.
That I cannot tell you.
That I should have to sleep here tonight!
That Longfellow chap most likely had written countless books of poetry.
That abominable Mr. Darcy!
That accounts for it,’ said the Hatter.
That accounts for your pitching your voice so high.
That ain't like being worn out.
That all sounds a bit of a kerfuffle.
That also we can safely assume.
That animal is a Zebra.
That answer was incorrect.
That boat has sailed, my friend.
That bump looks swollen. It's probably been swelling all night.
That came before my A B C's.
That cannot do.
That cat is constantly shedding hairs.
That chap must have been a superb actor.
That chocolate tiffin was the best!
That cold, pure profile.
That completed the weather and news bulletin for the French Riviera.
That damned prize-giving!
That didn't occur to me until after the war.
That doesn't sound true. I bet he's fibbing.
That explains why I couldn't make him understand.
That grandfather of his is too keen by half.
That had no doubt been taken by his murderer.
That he was not a good-tempered man had been her firmest opinion.
That he well deserved one - yes.
That he would ever have one - no.
That his generosity rose above my disfigurement and my inheritance of shame.
That image is shattered, and that idol is laid low.
That includes you, Robert.
That is a euphemism.
That is a massive tower!.
That is a more alarming person than the clerk.
That is a pity, monsieur.
That is a quote from a famous parable.
That is a truly shocking account.
That is all his business.
That is also a fact, not a conjecture.
That is always an advantage.
That is certainly what I endeavour to do.
That is just the mistake.
That is not my forte.
That is only one thing we have learnt.
That is scarcely fair, sir, scarcely fair!
That is the manly policy.
That is the only good that has ever come of it.
That is the strange part of it.
That is to say, some time after midnight.
That is ugly enough in itself.
That is what I mean when I say I have a conscience.
That is what I wish.
That is what distinguishes all of us from the lower animals.
That is what will happen to me this afternoon, Bertie.
That is what you have to remember.
That is why I am, am rattled, he laughed.
That is your glove; you told me so yesterday.
That is, of course, unavoidable, being in Chancery.
That just shows the condition this thing has reduced me to.
That kind of one-upmanship will ruin their friendship.
That little man was clean grit all through, without a soft spot in him.
That looks like fake garden grass.
That made me do some savage thinking.
That marmoset that isn't mine; it's theirs!
That may very well be.
That melody really tugs at the heartstrings, doesn't it?
That might be an option, but I doubt it.
That mince pie was really tasty.
That must be the reason you were so untidy in my dream
That must have been quite a shock.
That old chestnut.
That picture's askew, you know.
That really doesn't seem appropriate.
That really takes the biscuit
That reply will do for the present.
That retaining wall doesn’t look very secure
That roller coaster ride was truly breathtaking.
That room had been dark an hour before.
That room was even worse.
That secluded sister is my first remembrance.
That seemed as good a direction to take as any other.
That seemed to Celia almost the cruellest part of the whole tragedy.
That seems to be an effective payment plan
That she should receive an offer of marriage from Mr. Darcy!
That song is the bee’s knees.
That sounds like a fraudulent pyramid scheme.
That the discovery of my birth gave him no shock.
That visit not succeeding either, you will go again perhaps?
That wants a pretty steady heart.
That was a bold stroke, my friend.
That was a rough ride.
That was a wonderful performance! Bravo!.
That was about all I wanted.
That was all I thought about.
That was all she thought about, yes.
That was an excellent, interesting and important talk.
That was an hour ago!
That was hardly a generous response.
That was impressive, well done!.
That was my first thought.
That was my only chance.
That was my telephone message.
That was never the case with her.
That was not a nice thing to say
That was not my intention.
That was not vulgar abuse.
That was nothing — oh, but nothing at all.
That was one of the hardest jobs I ever took on.
That was the Portland Place murder.
That was the day after Agatha’s wedding.
That was the first false step taken by Helene.
That was the first thing that surprised me.
That was the grease Helene had touched.
That was the idea, and a pretty good one too.
That was the money I lost at baccarat.
That was the way I had to look at it.
That was when she saw me.
That wasn't in the script.
That wasn't so hard, was it?
That wasn’t difficult, for I’m no slouch at disguises.
That watch belonged to my grandfather.
That we shall see.
That will be a queer thing, to be sure!
That will be one thousand yen please.
That will be ten dollars and thirty-eight cents please.
That will protect the upstairs rooms from water damage.
That will require congressional approval.
That won’t help you.
That would be the greatest misfortune of all!
That would be very foolish.
That would have been a change indeed.
That would lead to developments.
That you shall know in good time.
That'll do, my good friend!
That's Game Set and Match to Murray
That's Thorpe's, said the young engineer.
That's a bit of a conundrum!
That's a classic medieval conundrum.
That's a common reaction.
That's a compelling point.
That's a crazy coincidence!
That's a fascinating story, tell me more!.
That's a novel idea.
That's a rather specialised item, are you certain it's what your wife would enjoy?
That's a trivial problem.
That's a very cosy living room
That's admirable
That's all I ask you to do.
That's all I have to say to you!
That's an absolute bargain mate.
That's boring, babe, and you're never boring!
That's exactly what I've been thinking myself.
That's hardly necessary.
That's how I come to know what they're up to.
That's just pure drivel!
That's more like it.
That's my dad standing next to his Ford Capri.
That's natural.
That's neither here nor there.
That's no way to speak to your wife.
That's not a flying saucer, its a kids drone.
That's not a hamster, it's a gerbil.
That's not my role here.
That's not new, it's an established convention in the industry.
That's not on our agenda for this meeting.
That's not too dusty.
That's number three.
That's one of the more alarmist sci-fi forecasts.
That's our share, do you see?
That's perfectly in keeping with the period
That's point number one.
That's point number two.
That's quite another thing!
That's reason number one.
That's remarkable!
That's ridiculous, we're just filming a commercial.
That's sound mate.
That's such advice as your father would have given you, Bart.
That's the Dead March from 'Saul'.
That's the arrangement, isn't it, Tony?
That's the crowning point of unreason in the business!
That's the largest stretch of fan vaulting in the country.
That's the name.
That's the power of love.
That's the sound of a plane breaking the speed of sound.
That's the spirit!.
That's the sub-foreman, explained Thorpe.
That's the way I've got the ill name of Chancery.
That's too hot! Use an oven glove!
That's very pleasant, you know!
That's what Carnegie did.
That's what I say: What about it?
That's what he and I agreed.
That's what is wrong.
That's what it is.
That's what she said!
That's where they cut off the Scottish Chiefs and killed all hands.
That's where your temper got the better of you.
That's why its boundaries are all gouged and jagged.
That, I tell you, is our chance.
That, I was pretty clear, was his intention.
That, however, was soon arranged.
That’s a good long way.
That’s all right.
That’s an apocalyptic scenario.
That’s an even greater mistake.
That’s awesome, he said wonderingly.
That’s done.
That’s interesting, I’m actually an animal rights campaigner.
That’s just gobbledegook! Please rephrase it in plain English
That’s just what I complain of!
That’s really not obvious
That’s the end of my move.
That’s the proper style.
That’s what the name is called.
That’s what you call a History of England, that is.
The "us versus them" attitude is not healthy.
The African project at present employs my whole time.
The Amazon River is the longest in the world.
The Anglo-Saxon language is commonly known as Old English.
The Arctic is cold.
The Battle Hymn of the Republic.
The Bedouin secured his caravan and continued on his journey.
The Beta version will be released soon.
The Black Stone didn’t need to bolt.
The Brinkley Court back-door key.
The British speed limit on a dual carriageway is seventy miles an hour
The Buddha was a teacher, not a god.
The Burj Khalifa building in Dubai looks amazing.
The Cardiology department is on the ground floor.
The Cat only grinned when it saw Alice.
The Caterpillar was the first to speak.
The Cathedral has a lovely interior.
The Celts were expert metalworkers, in gold, silver and bronze.
The Chancellor said with a slight smile.
The Chancellor, being aware of him, has dextrously vanished.
The Choir rehearsed for weeks.
The Churchill narrowed and its current became swifter as they progressed.
The Claudine was leaving next morning for Honolulu.
The Commissaire called the chauffeur forward.
The Commissaire cut her short with a cry of satisfaction.
The Commissaire exclaimed, admiringly, "But here is an idea!"
The Commissaire moved with impatience.
The Commissaire of Police bent over Hanaud's shoulder.
The Committee on Committees is a real thing.
The Crocodile crawled into its swamp.
The Daily Telegraph is a right-wing British newspaper.
The Defence Spending Review has revealed a multi-million pound shortfall.
The Defibrillator revived the patient who had suffered cardiac arrest.
The Director was decisive and accurate.
The Doctor stooped and picked it up.
The Dormouse slowly opened his eyes.
The Dow Jones was down this period by three percent.
The Duchess took her choice, and was gone in a moment.
The Duchess, the Duchess!
The Duodenum is part of the small intestine.
The Easter Bunny doesn’t really exist.
The Editor commissioned a report on the effectiveness of mosquito repellent in the tropics.
The Eldorado emptied its occupants into the street to see the test.
The English solicitor spoke to his Scottish advocate colleague
The European Union is a highly successful geopolitical entity.
The Exorcist movie was too scary back in its day.
The Fibonacci sequence is surprisingly common in nature.
The Fire People, like ourselves, lived in caves.
The Fire-Men wore animal skins around their waists and across their shoulders.
The First Annual Dodgeball Tournament is about to begin.
The First Lord is ill, and has gone to Sheringham.
The Flat Earth Society has members around the globe.
The G-force pushed him back against the seat.
The Gabriel voice of the Samurai rang out.
The Gala was fun.
The Gulf of Morbihan is a natural harbour on the coast of Brittany, France.
The Haber Process is an industrial process for producing ammonia
The Hallelujah Chorus from Handel's Messiah.
The Hatter shook his head mournfully.
The Hatter was the first to break the silence.
The Head shot forward and struck the Scarecrow.
The Heimlich manoeuvre is a lifesaving first aid technique.
The Higgs particle has been nicknamed the God particle.
The High Court takes appeals from the County Courts.
The Holly and the Ivy.
The Home Secretary is brazenly refusing to answer any questions
The Indian even poked his stick into the thick ground spruce.
The Indian felt the worship of her warm in his heart.
The Island of Sheep is a book by the Scottish author John Buchan
The Italian rancho was a bachelor establishment.
The Japanese understood as we could never school ourselves or hope to understand.
The Java programming language makes use of parentheses characters.
The King broadcast to the nation.
The King turned pale, and shut his note-book hastily.
The Knave shook his head sadly.
The Knight looked surprised at the question.
The Knight looked very much surprised, and a little offended at the remark.
The Knight shook his head.
The Lady is at present represented, near Sir Leicester, by her portrait.
The Law of Club and Fang
The Library is not only used for reading books.
The Lion hesitated no longer, but drank till the dish was empty.
The Lion looked at Alice wearily.
The Lion thought for a moment.
The Lord is my Shepherd.
The Mall is nearby.
The Manchester conference will have a keynote speech about analogue photography.
The Martian was strange-looking: small and squat with gigantic feet.
The Messiah is Handel's most popular choral work
The Mexican explained what he meant.
The Military will adhere to international laws and standards.
The Minister has reached new heights of incompetence.
The Mock Turtle went on.
The Mouse only growled in reply.
The Navy has committed all their frigates to the operation.
The Nurburgring is one of the most popular and hardest tracks to race on.
The Oligarchy wanted violence, and it set its agents provocateurs to work.
The Oligarchy will encourage such ambition and the consequent competition.
The Oncologist outlined a treatment plan for the cancer patient.
The P in pneumonia is silent, corrected David, groaning.
The Portuguese boy crawled nearer and nearer.
The Portuguese boy passed the Hawaiian.
The President of the United States was his friend.
The President would like to speak with you.
The Prime Minister appeared on television this evening.
The Prime Minister is unlikely to win the next election
The Prophet Muhammad gave the analogy "Trust in God, but tie your camel.".
The Prophet Muhammad said, "The best charity is giving water to drink".
The Queen gasped and shut her eyes.
The Queen will hear you.
The Queen!’ and the three gardeners instantly threw themselves flat upon their faces.
The Quinoa was carefully prepared.
The Raleigh car reached the apex of the hill.
The Realtor will arrive soon.
The Red List is a framework for monitoring ecosystems.
The Red Queen believed six impossible things before breakfast
The Resident Commissioner is away in Australia.
The Russian music player, the Count, was her obedient slave.
The Satellite is aligned in geosynchronous orbit.
The Scarecrow sat on the big throne.
The Sonographer performed the Sonography examination.
The Sphere Project outlines the minimum standards of humanitarian work.
The Sun, Mirror and Daily Mail are British tabloids.
The Supply chain needs experienced developers.
The Surveyor must just report me.
The Tale of Two Cities is on the landing.
The Transport Department issued an advisory to expect severe weather conditions.
The Tumour metastases were identified months after diagnosis of the primary tumour.
The Tv presenter offered his commiserations to the losing party.
The United Kingdom consists of England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
The University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge are both collegiate institutions
The Warden with a quart of champagne.
The White Queen laughed with delight, and stroked Alice’s cheek.
The White Rabbit put on his spectacles.
The Witch of the South.
The absence of the car helped me to make it.
The academic syllabus of secondary schools is in need of modernization.
The accident damaged the car beyond repair, and it was a write-off
The account ledger has been sent out.
The accounts have discrepancies.
The accounts were up to date.
The accumulative effects of pollution have altered our ecosystem.
The accused had a strong refutation to the allegations.
The action man knew very well how to abseil down the building
The action was significant enough.
The actor rose to international acclaim.
The actors attended the award show in London's excel centre.
The actors spent months submerged in freezing cold water.
The adaptation to a paperless office can benefit the environment.
The added weight had a velocity of fifteen miles per hour.
The admin team is approving your claim and will be in touch.
The administration has a reputation for burying bad news stories.
The adoption of Smartphones far outpaced the adoption of the internet.
The adulation of the multitude means very little to one.
The advantage of prepay systems is you can keep a tab of your expenses.
The advantages of eating healthily are too many to list.
The advent of electricity has transformed the way humanity lives.
The advocate acted both for the prosecution and the defence.
The aeroplane was late.
The affected car owners are asked to get in touch with a local dealership.
The aim of the whole conspiracy was to get Russia and Germany at loggerheads.
The air about her seemed to tingle with strange menaces.
The air force suffered horrific casualties.
The air in the hut was close and oppressive.
The air was bright and dewy and the sky without a cloud.
The algorithm ate my homework.
The alien was a rather fetching aquamarine colour.
The alleged perpetrator refuted the claims as false.
The alpha version has been released, the beta version is expected next year.
The ambulance is on its way.
The amortization report runs daily.
The amount of rain has decreased this year.
The anaesthetist needs to apply a general anaesthetic before surgery.
The analyst dissected the report and found some mistakes in the presented viewpoints.
The analyst spent hours writing up a report of her findings.
The ancient vanity was loud in his bosom.
The animal is a herbivore.
The anniversary was unnecessarily quixotic.
The anti-inflammatory medication exacerbated my condition.
The application will be rated for conformity on submission.
The apprentices giggle, and nudge each other.
The apprentices were the queerest people.
The apron string loomed near and he shied like an unbroken colt.
The arbitration process works.
The architect provided the blueprints for the new development.
The architect said the house does not conform to building regulations.
The area was devastated during the war.
The argument silenced Celia.
The argument was measured and forensic throughout.
The arm was severed during the accident and was surgically reattached.
The artery is healthy but the patient's blood pressure is low.
The artery shows narrowing.
The article added fuel for debate.
The article put emphasis on a healthy work-life balance.
The article was grammatically correct, but it had no substance.
The articulated lorry jackknifed in the middle of the road
The artificial intelligence codebase was a byzantine mess of if statements.
The artist illustrated a beautiful portrait of an eagle.
The artwork is a derivative of the source material you provided me yesterday.
The ascent of Everest was his life's ambition
The assailant was caught.
The astonished fashionable intelligence hardly knows where to have her.
The astronauts went out for a little spacewalk.
The atmosphere is otherwise stale and close.
The audience seemed to agree with him.
The author had a knack for writing in a concise language.
The author is a blogger and social media phenomenon.
The author is a futurist.
The author is known for using flowery language.
The author writes under a pseudonym.
The automatic dishwasher didn't clean the dishes very well on this occasion.
The automotive industry is investing heavily in autonomous vehicles.
The average person may not have a college education.
The average person won't know the difference.
The award should go to the one who has tried hardest.
The awe of man rushed over him again.
The axle was destroyed in the collision.
The baby fell asleep when the bouncer was rocked.
The baby felt a breeze of wind and awoke.
The baby has done poop.
The baby spoiled the crib sheet.
The baby was constipated and was uncomfortable.
The baby was put to sleep every night in her cot
The baby wriggled and looked like it needed to burp.
The back door stood open, and a grave butler was awaiting me.
The back of a book has a blurb section.
The bacterium was isolated from household waste.
The bailiff was aggressive toward the debtor.
The balance is zero.
The balloon rose into the air without her.
The ballot will be held on Thursday at the local school.
The bandit made a swift getaway.
The bank teller patiently counted the copper coins.
The bank was winning heavily.
The bar is closed this evening.
The bartender had never worked in a bar before
The base word money should never be breathed near it!
The battery is low, please attach the charger promptly.
The battery ran out.
The be-my-eyes app allows the volunteers to assist the blind from anywhere.
The bearded bloke passed a hand across his forehead.
The bearded bloke was visibly discomposed.
The beating of my heart came back again.
The beds in this hotel are stiff and uncomfortable.
The belt buckle was obnoxiously big.
The best deals are equitable for all parties.
The best drink for people is pure water.
The best way to get something done is by starting with the smallest thing.
The best way to integrate new ideas into existing processes is one-by-one.
The best way to save is to live without our means.
The best workers know how to be competitive and friendly at the same time.
The big chalk headland in Kent, close to Bradgate.
The big-eyed, clucking moose-birds were most annoying.
The biggest obstacle to space travel is cost.
The bill remained unpaid so was referred to the high court.
The bird emitted an ear-piercing screech.
The bird had stubby wings and a long bill.
The bird scooped up the worm and fed the hatchlings.
The birds began to stir and chirp.
The birds flew majestically through the sky.
The birds here will mistake her for it.
The black fabric had faded to a deep purple colour.
The blunderbuss is loaded with slugs.
The board decided to liaise with the staff rather than imposing their will.
The board meeting is next Wednesday.
The board of directors announced an expansion plan.
The boat had sailed on that idea.
The boat nearly held together, but then it sank.
The bonnet crumpled during the crash.
The book had a captivating storyline.
The book has been indexed The British Library.
The book is a critical first hand account of the criminal justice system.
The books were mouldering.
The borders of the website are too thin.
The botched product launch led the company to financial ruin.
The bottom floor is flooded.
The boy answered me back, and was very cheeky
The boy at the wheel lost his head.
The boy grew and prospered.
The boy hesitated, then mastered his temper.
The boy hoped that his mum would be able to help
The boy is the father of the man.
The boy makes it one.
The boy skimmed a pebble across the pond.
The boy threw back his head with pride.
The boy was exact regarding colours, and everything.
The boy's voice sounded louder in the street below.
The boy, O'Brien, was specially maltreated.
The boys were condescending, but Paul scarcely observed it.
The bracelet costs ten pounds fifty-two
The brake callipers had seized and needed to be replaced.
The brake pads and brake disc are designed to slow down your car.
The branches bent down and twined around him.
The breadth and depth of this document are applaudable.
The breath was struck out of her body.
The bright red flowers multiplied and covered the south bank.
The builders are altering the layout of the walls.
The building has inadequate insulation and loses heat.
The building was largely built of breezeblocks
The building was unsafe to enter.
The bulk of the story is told in flashback.
The bungalow looked mean, neglected, and in need of work.
The bureaucracy within the company was hindering its progress.
The burglars made bold attempts to break in during daylight hours.
The burning smell of tires is noisome.
The business is an incorporated company.
The business of the day requires a great deal of thought.
The butchers and meat cutters refused to handle meat destined for unfair restaurants.
The butler made no bones about admitting this new visitor.
The butler presumably took the back-door key with him.
The butler was coming up by train with the luggage.
The buyers showed no interest.
The buyers were put off by the oddly shaped rooms.
The cab had just come out into the road.
The cab turned and went down the drive.
The cab was moving at a walk.
The cake is not suitable for vegetarians.
The camaraderie among the team was encouraging.
The can was made out of aluminium.
The candidate had lied repeatedly in order to get elected
The candy grab bag had all sorts of chocolates.
The capitalists would rake in the cash, and make fortunes by buying up wreckage.
The captain docked the boat at the harbour.
The car accidentally followed the bus into the bus lane.
The car appeared at the corner and slackened speed.
The car dashed through Annecy.
The car drifted to the finish line.
The car drove smooth and quiet.
The car engine stalled and ground to a halt.
The car headlights were reflected in the puddle.
The car hesitates to start and sputters on ignition.
The car muffler was loud.
The car park surface was covered in gravel and noisy to walk on.
The car sped on.
The car sped through the streets of Geneva.
The car tires burst and the car came to an abrupt stop.
The car was bought on finance.
The car was engineered to drive on uneven terrain.
The car was found abandoned two miles away from the bank.
The car was made of lightweight Carbon Fibre.
The car was parked.
The car was resembling the previous model.
The car was semi-autonomous.
The car was taken into the garage for a Wheel Alignment.
The carburettor is too dirty.
The cards were stacked against her.
The careers adviser recommended an apprenticeship.
The carjacker ran away when he saw the dog baring its teeth.
The carnival is in town.
The carpet fitter laid the carpet, but forgot the underlay
The carriage and the horse were hired from Geneva.
The car’s silencer was broken, and it was making an awful noise
The cassette player is broken.
The cat Sarita pounced on her owner's lap.
The cat began to chase the mouse.
The cat burglar tried to burgle the bookshop on the local High Street
The cat harassed the pygmy vole.
The cathedral had Gothic architecture.
The ceiling was painted satin white.
The celebration of a birthday in the family.
The celebrities picked a cause to advocate.
The cell is like an algorithm that replicates until it is instructed to stop.
The census is only recorded every ten years in the United States.
The central area of a hurricane is called the eye
The ceramics store had delicately made vases.
The ceremony was grandiloquent.
The chair incorporated designs from the Ming dynasty.
The chairman committed to investing millions into the football club.
The championship will be ours!
The chandelier was grand and befitting of the royal house.
The chap with the nose?
The charity is an ecocentric organisation that works to educate the public.
The charity needs a governance review urgently
The charwoman had been sent home.
The chatbot seemed robotic and couldn't answer the questions.
The cheapest method of digging a trench is called cut and cover.
The cheers that greeted this were the loudest yet.
The cheese omelette was burned badly.
The chef has withdrawn his notice.
The chemistry laboratory was next to the biology lab
The cheque bounced.
The cheque has been rejected.
The chessmen were walking about, two and two!
The child threw the dolly out of the window.
The child was given a dummy to keep him quiet
The child was not very agile, and kept falling over
The children bought toffee apples to eat at the funfair
The children loved playing in the paddling pool during the summer holidays
The children tried to build a den in the woods
The children were never satisfied.
The children’s voices melded beautifully in song.
The chip set has a level of sophistication that few are able to understand.
The choreographer wasn't happy with the result.
The churches are coming together to provide disaster relief.
The cigarette fell from my fingers.
The circus is in town!.
The city was founded three centuries ago.
The claimant on file is...
The classteacher disciplined Charlie for pinching.
The clerk eyed him strangely.
The clever girl left breadcrumb trails so we could find her.
The cleverest one deserves the prize.
The clinician will be with you shortly.
The clock at Euston Station showed five minutes past the hour.
The clock is ticking.
The clock on the mantelpiece struck ten o’clock.
The clothes are drying in the conservatory.
The clothes were torn.
The coachman ran back into the house.
The coast guard rescued passengers of a sinking vessel.
The coastline is eroding at an accelerating rate.
The code compiled in just under an hour.
The coffee shop sells cappuccino, flat white, and standard white coffee with milk
The collaboration between two leading Universities yielded significant results.
The college enrollment was two weeks ago.
The college was established in eighteen fifty seven.
The colours of the rainbow are red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet.
The common law is a creature of the judges, not of statute.
The common voice corpus will host the largest collection of open voice content.
The companies signed a non-disclosure agreement.
The company avoided Litigation.
The company had an office on the town's trading estate
The company had over one million dollars tied up in assets.
The company has a small hierarchy.
The company has been profitable for the first quarter.
The company has gone bust.
The company is a conglomeration that has absorbed small startups into its fold.
The company is reportedly being bought out next week.
The company lacked investment and gradually fell into irrelevance.
The company offered voluntary redundancy to staff during the downturn.
The company saved millions on its corporation tax bill.
The company should have been more candid years ago.
The company tanked and went under.
The company utilizes a just in time manufacturing process.
The company was flush with cash after hitting it big on the global market.
The company was trumpeting the successes of its new flagship product.
The company will not be dressing tonight.
The compass showed me the way back home.
The competitors were way ahead of the curve and it was hard keeping up.
The compliment to herself and her sister was not unfelt.
The compound interest is ten cents.
The compounding interest fees make borrowing expensive.
The compression algorithm will reduce the file capacity by thirty percent.
The computer thinks for a moment and returns a robotic answer.
The computer threw spurious errors.
The conceptual idea was good.
The configuration of the wires was messy and difficult to understand.
The conflict uprooted many people.
The connection has been established.
The consensus is electricity has changed the world for the best.
The constable worked at the local constabulary.
The construction agency prepared a plot of land for development.
The consultancy business sent out a consultant.
The consumption trends show it peaks during the Christmas phase.
The container is full to the brim.
The contestant sustained an injury and will not be playing today.
The contract is effective from July twenty twenty.
The contract is pending final checks.
The controller is bundled with the television.
The convergence of gadgets into our phone means we don't need to carry much.
The conversation completely went over my head.
The conversation was fruitful.
The conversion was abruptly changed to another topic.
The convict was locked in a Prison.
The cooked meat was tender to the touch.
The cork popped out.
The correct pronunciation is.
The cosmos is vast.
The cost of Medical equipment is unfordable to developing countries.
The costs are considerably higher when you buy an item on credit.
The council gritted the roads today, so it will probably be Icy tomorrow.
The counterfeiter was caught at the corner of River Road and Thirtieth Street.
The country is nearer to the equator so gets more heat.
The couple adopted a baby and loved it as their own.
The couple had a row last night.
The couple were having fertility problems and sought assistance from doctors.
The couriers left a card because no one was at home.
The court ordered me to pay a hundred thousand dollars in damages.
The court ordered the vandal paint over the graffiti.
The court was in a crumbling, decaying building.
The cow was milked.
The crash caused a severe haemorrhage.
The crashed meteor left a gigantic crater on the ground.
The crates toppled over and came crashing down.
The creation of the internet has dropped the cost of communication drastically.
The creative commons licensing system makes sharing intellectual property easy to follow.
The creative joy, I murmured.
The cricket club’s groundsman is called Bob
The critics rated this book favourably.
The crops have flourished this year.
The croupier cried, all in a breath - and repeated the words.
The cruise ship fell into a large Maelstrom.
The crunch of potato-chips was making his co-workers irate.
The cumulative emissions of cars are not good for air quality.
The curator thought diligently about his collection.
The curtains opened, and Helene slipped to the girl's side.
The cushion absorbed all of the spilt drink.
The customer is always right, or so it is said
The cutlery had been spread neatly on the table.
The dad imparted wisdom to his son.
The dam now burst.
The dancer made simultaneous movements.
The dashboard shows a summary of all your expenditure.
The data is flawed.
The data reflect these biases.
The dataset was too huge to be loaded on memory.
The date was nearly eighteen years old.
The days of free school milk are long gone.
The deadline has been extended by two weeks.
The deadline is tomorrow week
The dearest friend I have!
The decent thing to do is drive carefully.
The decision-making phase can take a while.
The declining number of residents is leaving a massive deficit for the council.
The decor was ghastly.
The decorator should have protected your carpet with a dust sheet
The deepest dejection at once overspread Hanaud's burly face.
The deer, looking soaked, leave quagmires where they pass.
The defining characteristics of marriage are their lifelong bond.
The defragmentation process is twenty-two percent complete.
The dejection was almost universal.
The delay won't hurt now.
The delusion did not last long.
The democratization of artificial intelligence.
The demonstration turned violent, and ended in a huge punch-up
The design of this map is awful.
The detector always has to be calibrated before use
The device has a gyro motor.
The devoted Mr. Snagsby cannot bear this treatment.
The diamond ring glittered and sparkled in the bright sunshine.
The dickens of a row it makes.
The difference is merely in a lawyer's mind.
The difference was measurable.
The digitization of hard copies has enabled us to preserve deteriorating books.
The dinner was exceedingly handsome.
The dinosaurs are breeding!
The director was an ignominious person.
The director wasn't happy with the change.
The dirk mentioned by Wolf Larsen rested in its sheath on my hip.
The disaggregation of data took several nights.
The disclaimer said not all these sentences are factual.
The discovery of the motorcar had raised his spirits.
The discovery seemed to have been made on the spur of the moment.
The discovery upset all his theories.
The disk is being ejected.
The distance is nothing when one has a motive; only three miles.
The distinction had perhaps been felt too strongly.
The distributor cap had come off.
The distributor left a message.
The diversity in the community has helped it thrive and enriched its culture.
The doctor examined the baby and checked its ears with an otoscope.
The doctor specializes in Otorhinolaryngological problems.
The doctor took a biopsy for examination.
The documentation for Keras is available in Japanese.
The dog ate my homework.
The dog became docile after eating food.
The dog began to drool at the sight of the cooked steak.
The dog snarled at the postman.
The dog's name is Bailey.
The domestication of dogs happened thousands of years ago.
The door bell.
The door closed.
The door handle had snapped off.
The door of the back room opened, and the First Sea Lord came out.
The door of the lighted room was open.
The doors are thrown open, and she passes through the hall.
The doors were found unlocked?
The dot net core framework is open source.
The download was successful.
The downstream effects of these changes are not yet fully understood.
The draft needs to be copy edited
The dragon soared majestically. It roared a fiery breath that echoed for miles.
The drawer drew a lifelike image of the man.
The dried remains of the flowers.
The drink has a zesty flavour.
The drink is contained in a can.
The driver became agitated in the traffic.
The driver was filled with road rage.
The drone joined a fleet of drones and flew in a choreographed manner.
The drunk man berated staff until he was escorted out.
The dynamics of the team changed when another senior manager joined.
The earthquake rated seven on the Richter scale.
The eastern heavens were equally spectacular.
The echoes of a sonic boom can be heard for miles.
The ecology exam went pretty well in the circumstances.
The economic climate has improved.
The economy seems very volatile at the moment.
The effect upon him was magical.
The effect was absolutely dazzling.
The effects of which it is impossible to calculate.
The effigy was ritually torched.
The egg seems to get further away the more I walk towards it.
The element sulfur can also be spelled sulphur
The emergence of mixed reality opened new avenues for education and entertainment.
The emission rating on this car is low.
The emollient cream alleviated my skin irritation.
The emotion which she had suppressed burst forth now in a choking sob.
The end result is always the same.
The engine arrived on a pallet.
The engine is being sent on a pallet.
The engine is idling too fast.
The engine must be sent using palletized delivery.
The engine raced; the clutch slid into position.
The engine will be sent via palletized delivery.
The enhancement request can be split into several categories of work items.
The enthusiasts revved their cars.
The entity greeted us with "hello earthling".
The envelope had already been opened.
The envelope itself was likewise full.
The episode was still green in my memory.
The equality operator was not included and the calculation failed.
The error generated a log file which I used to find the problem.
The estate agent specialised in selling townhouses, though she sometimes handled flats
The estimated time of arrival is eight twenty pm.
The estimates were reasonable.
The estranged couple compromised on their demands during the arbitration process.
The etymology of this word can be traced back to Shakespearean times.
The evening altogether passed off pleasantly to the whole family.
The events will be held on Friday, Saturday and Sunday.
The evolution of computer science has transformed the world.
The exam is at an intermediate level.
The examiner’s decision is final.
The excessive heat evaporated nearly all the water.
The executive summary was littered with grammatical errors.
The exercise had warmed my blood, and I was beginning to enjoy myself amazingly.
The exit is the bottom floor.
The exorbitant charge for healthcare means new models are needed for health.
The expat planned to return home.
The expiry is three years away.
The exploitation of child workers was rampant until there was a public outcry.
The exploration of space is our frontier.
The express was sent off directly.
The expression escaped me inadvertently.
The external garage was left open all night.
The extravagant gown seemed a little pretentious.
The eyes dilated.
The fact is, I don't care much about it.
The fact is, darling, I am terribly worried.
The fact is, our roads are not the same.
The fact that you searched for “car” is never stored or remembered anywhere.
The facts are all docketed.
The facts were plucked out of thin air.
The fairness of trickle-down economics is debatable.
The falcon watched its prey.
The fallen tree timber had laid untouched.
The false wizard looked at him carefully.
The farmer works the soil and produces grain.
The farming process has changed because of technology.
The favour of your company has been much felt, I assure you.
The federal court.
The fee is one hundred dollars.
The fellow with a face rather like a walnut.
The female toilets are that way.
The few foot-passengers start, stop, and stare about them.
The field did not yield many crops.
The fighting had now become intermittent.
The figure removes the right-hand glove and shows the hand.
The file is transmitting.
The file size was only two hundred bytes.
The film plays homage to the classic by Alfred Hitchcock.
The film was withdrawn shortly after the premiere.
The film's special effects were absolutely outstanding.
The finest climate in the world!
The fingerprint is a perfect match.
The fire bell?
The fire hydrant sprang a leak.
The fire of the sun is dying.
The first I had heard of the chap.
The first Noel.
The first airplane was flown a little over a century ago.
The first candidate was good but had some gaps in his knowledge.
The first five square numbers are one, four, nine, sixteen and twenty-five
The first letter of the name of the deceased.
The first planet from the sun is Mercury, and the second is Venus
The first step had been taken.
The first thing he did was to take me round to Scotland Yard.
The first thing, then, is to find him.
The five letters of “Julia” gave me the position of the vowels.
The flange ripped off during the race.
The flat consisted of a lounge, kitchen and two bedrooms.
The flight to Australia was long.
The flooding caused billions of dollars in damage and the loss of several lives.
The floor mat was covered in filth.
The floor was wet.
The flower of the artistic and intellectual world were revolutionists.
The flower rota at the village church was maintained by the local parishioners
The flush was gone from her face.
The fog is very dense indeed!
The fog was dense and impenetrable to light.
The folds bound her lips more surely.
The fool had chosen this day of all days to be late.
The football manager got the sack.
The footballer was cool, calm and collected.
The footsteps stopped, a light shone for a moment outside.
The forces of evil must not prevail.
The forecasted tornado devastated the small tight-knit community.
The foreign minister appears to know little about the international situation.
The foreword was brief.
The former enthusiast was disillusioned by the limited progress of his favourite brand.
The former felon transformed himself and is a better person now.
The fortune-tellers had no more to say.
The founder of the company.
The four men turned a bend in the road.
The four sheets were covered.
The fourth and fifth days passed without any developments.
The fourth industrial revolution is expected to be more impactful than the last.
The fourth of July, or Independence Day, is an important day for many Americans.
The frame was too small to hold the photo.
The friendly giant bear waved goodbye.
The frog hopped around.
The fruit cake is past its sell-by date.
The functionality was extended.
The fundraiser was unsuccessful.
The future of A-I must be guided by Ethics and Regulation.
The future of cars is Hydrogen Electric power.
The future of healthcare is destined to be supported by computer-aided diagnosis tools.
The future of work is the augmented human.
The future will require data engineers.
The game itself does not play well.
The gaps remain, and there are not unpopular lodgings among the rubbish.
The garage is locked; and I haven't the key.
The garden of the house ran down to the lake.
The garden was a ragged place of unmown lawn and straggling bushes.
The gate is open at eleven.
The gate was closed.
The gates automatically opened on approach.
The gay and non-binary communities are very diverse.
The generator is powered by wind turbines.
The genetic makeup of a person can be determined from a saliva sample.
The gentle zephyr of the wind touched her cheeks.
The gentry who are after me are pretty bright-eyed citizens.
The genuine, heartfelt cry restored her confidence in Celia.
The geopolitical landscape can be improved through an open dialogue.
The gig economy can be a race to the bottom at times.
The gig economy has its benefits.
The girl faced him, her eyes shining with sudden fear.
The girl looked up with a start.
The girl moved on with the tears running down her cheeks.
The girl on the sofa raised her head.
The girl smiles.
The girl's face flushed rosily.
The glass shattered.
The global statistics are shocking.
The gorilla had a beautiful grey back.
The government offered a concessional interest rate when the financial crisis hit.
The governor received a suspicious package and the police had to investigate.
The grace notes were sung perfectly by the soprano, but badly by the alto
The graphics card on this machine is not suitable for gaming.
The graphics designer presented several versions of the logo.
The grass is greener where you water it.
The gray eyes faltered; the flush deepened.
The great art of riding, as I was saying, is to keep your balance.
The great wall of China is long and high.
The greatest minds in machine learning still take inspiration from the human brain.
The green and red lights of the launches glided backwards and forwards.
The green car overtook us on a dangerous bend.
The gritters are out gritting the roads.
The groom walked his gorgeous bride to the limousine.
The gull intends to harass the picnickers.
The guys went out bowling.
The gym is adjacent to the apartment complex.
The hair, I mean.
The hammock was set up between the two pineapple trees.
The hard drive became corrupted, fortunately, a techie recovered some of the contents.
The hard drive had catastrophic damage and the family photos were gone.
The hard drive is being defragmented.
The hard drive was made by an unlabeled generic manufacturer.
The hardware has been refurbished and cleaned for resale.
The hardware shop wasn't able to supply nails or screws.
The hash sign is sometimes known as the number sign or the pound sign
The hauliers are paid a premium rate for their unsociable hours.
The head hunter from the recruitment agency has hand-picked this strong candidate.
The head rather swims.
The head waiter was sent for and appeared before them.
The headlights of the oncoming traffic were too bright.
The headmaster was a very stern man
The headteacher was a devotee of traditional teaching
The health assessment didn't reveal anything of concern.
The health service is allocating over a billion pounds to the annual budget.
The heart beats in a steady rhythm.
The heat is greater; she screens her face.
The heavyweight champion of the world was challenged by a newcomer.
The helicopter hovered in the distance.
The hell you say it's all right!
The high chimney-stacks telegraph family secrets to him.
The hinge is broken.
The hippopotamus was far too heavy for him to lift.
The histories of our nations are documented.
The history of our westward-faring race is written in it.
The history of the eighteenth century is written, Ernest prompted.
The homicidal glare was dying out of Tuppy's eyes.
The horrific smell could barely be tolerated.
The horse always leads the cart, never vice versa.
The horse galloped away.
The hosepipe sprang a leak.
The hotel bathroom has a bidet.
The hotel has a pool, so don't forget to pack your swimming costume
The hotel has many amenities and offerings.
The hound hadn't packed it.
The hours crept anxiously by: another evening came.
The house had a flowing stream beside it.
The house had not been broken into.
The house in town is not prepared for her reception.
The house stood as open as a market-place for anybody to observe.
The house was assessed to be worth ninety thousand pounds prior to the flood.
The house was built of brick, stone and metal, and had plastic window frames.
The house was built on a narrow isthmus.
The house was built using concrete.
The house was divided into sections.
The house was just by the railway, right next to the tracks
The house was kitted out.
The house was re-mortgaged to finance a business venture.
The house was surveyed and valued at one hundred thousand pounds.
The household did not rise early.
The huge N on the logo cast a shadow in the street.
The hull of the ship is reinforced to withstand icebergs.
The hum from the streets, likewise, seems to swell into a shout.
The hunters were still arguing and roaring like some semi-human amphibious breed.
The hurricane tore the building apart and shredded it to bits.
The hurried conversation was ended.
The hydro-electric dam generates cheap electricity for the community.
The hydroelectric power station generated electricity.
The hyena proceeded to dine.
The ice lolly melted in the sweltering heat.
The icons look pixelated.
The idea got across.
The idea was conceived in the nineties and was revived in the naughties.
The idiots are in charge.
The image file was supplied in jpeg format.
The image was too faint and needed to be enhanced.
The immediate thing to do was to get to the loneliest roads.
The immigration desk is on the first floor.
The impact of a drought on a society.
The implementation of the new workflow was successful.
The importation of cars usually carries a levy.
The indoor firehouse is on the stairwell.
The industrial internet of things.
The industrial revolution took advantage of economies of scale.
The industrialization of food production enables scale.
The inevitability to the progress of technology should be guided morals and principles.
The infection will spread to the heart if it's not treated.
The ingress of dirt damaged the ball joints.
The inhabitants of the island recycle most of their waste.
The initial rollout was successful.
The initiation ceremony for the company director is tomorrow.
The innkeeper appeared in great excitement.
The innovative shading made it look almost three-dimensional.
The institute is looking for feedback from the public.
The insurance firm has agreed to cover the damage.
The integration of electricity in a community can boost literacy levels.
The intercom rang.
The interconnectedness of technology enables faster communication.
The interface between the computer and the cable is broken.
The internet gives us unprecedented access to data.
The internet has enabled faster innovation cycles.
The internet has only been around for a few decades.
The interplay between one and another is unknown.
The investigator had a discerning eye for criminals.
The investor thrives on Schadenfreude and takes advantage of marked down valuations.
The irascible Mr. Smallwood scratches the air.
The irrepressible Mr. Ricardo was impelled to intervene.
The issue was not in doubt.
The issued affidavit was received.
The items may vary in price.
The jacket, you mean?
The jar is brittle it must be opened gently.
The jaws that bite, the claws that catch!
The jeans shrank the very first time they were washed.
The jerk threw him against Mr. Ricardo.
The jewel in the crown.
The jewellery shop was attractive and inviting.
The job in Manchester is too far and out of my grasp.
The journey was continued at dawn.
The judge was impartial and just.
The judicial system is slow and complicated.
The jug was standing on the mantelpiece, for all eyes to behold.
The jujitsu students sparred and grappled with each other.
The jukebox must be broken.
The junior captain announced, "We will begin our descent shortly".
The jury all brightened up again.
The key of the back door, sir?
The key of the door's on the mantelshelf.
The key to the success of electric cars is improved energy storage.
The keys are above the fireplace.
The kids are playing hide and seek in the barn.
The kids played with their grandparents.
The kids promised not to steal anything.
The kind lady helped the destitute man rebuild his life.
The king’s descendants reigned over the people for generations.
The kitten was a mischievous little thing.
The kitten was lonely after being separated from its mother.
The kiwi is a flightless bird of New Zealand.
The knots had been cunningly tied.
The knowledge would spread to her of itself, without a word.
The labourer is worthy of his hire.
The lace was of a delicate ivory color, faintly tinted with yellow.
The ladder reached the second floor.
The lads were congregating outside the tennis club.
The lady amassed the largest collection of records the world has ever known.
The lady was branded an anathema.
The lamp shone brightly and lit up the whole room.
The lamp shone brightly.
The land adjacent the Nile is extremely fertile
The land exchanged its austere robes for the garb of a smiling wanton.
The land was fertile.
The lantern was still burning in the loft-window.
The laptop was developed under the veil of secrecy.
The large rooms are too cramped and close.
The larynx is part of the throat.
The last I ever had from him.
The last one I knew was an overseer.
The last refugee had passed.
The last word was with Peter.
The late payments are impacting our operations.
The latest journal will be released in a week.
The latter was thinking only of his breakfast.
The law has existed in perpetuity since the millennium.
The laws were enacted over two hundred years ago, do they still apply?
The lawyer signed the licence in ink.
The lawyer sits down in his easy-chair and stirs the fire.
The lawyer was Greek, or possibly Spanish.
The learning rate should be small, close to zero.
The lease is due to expire.
The lecturer was good at storytelling.
The lecturer was proficient in multiple disciplines, a rare talent.
The legal action comprised a claim and counterclaim.
The lenses had become dirtied and need a good wipe.
The letter gave me only five days' notice of my removal.
The letter i is conventionally used to represent the square root of minus one.
The letter was never received.
The letter was signed with only an X.
The library contains vast amounts of knowledge.
The library is deserted, and the fire is sinking low.
The library is embracing digitization for the public good.
The life of the hotel had resumed its course.
The life there was healthful and athletic, but too juvenile.
The light began dimming until it was gone.
The light flashed on his features as I spoke.
The light went out in the salon.
The lights of the city fell away behind them.
The lights were not lit, which struck me as odd.
The lines were now very taut.
The list goes on and on.
The list is not a long one.
The little bunnies!
The little chick flapped its wings and cried out for its mother.
The little hell hounds are sure to expect a story or two.
The little man had told me a pack of lies.
The little man, with a low growl, stood still.
The little old lady's hearing was remarkably quick.
The little pink ones are so cute.
The lived on a housing estate, in a council flat
The local council looks after municipal needs.
The local press is in decline, and is scrabbling for revenue.
The lodgers gave their notice and vacated earlier than they planned.
The log on which Lop-Ear was lying got adrift.
The long-lived bridge still stands today.
The loose S on the sign swung precariously in the wind.
The lorry will haul the aid container three hundred miles.
The losing team was subject to derision.
The lost traveller was unsure if what he was seeing was a mirage.
The loud crackers went off during the festival.
The lower windows I could not see.
The lush vegetation of that sheltered spot make a natural shield.
The machine learning community is working on advancing prediction capabilities.
The machine learning development process is evolving much as software development did.
The magazine predicted that there would be nightmare shortages.
The magician pulled out his pocket handkerchief with a flourish.
The maid instantly slid back into the room.
The maid looked at him for a few moments without speaking.
The maid started violently.
The maid was carrying Celia's white coat.
The majority of the experiments fail.
The majority of the human body consists of water.
The man deposits another half-crown on the table.
The man from Shropshire ventures another remonstrative "My lord!"
The man had been at school with me.
The man had materialized on the carpet.
The man handed him an envelope.
The man smiled grimly, and brought a hatchet and a club.
The man stepped forward instantly.
The man stepped without a sound over the sill into the room.
The man takes him by both hands.
The man touched the glass doors, and they swung silently inwards.
The man upon the box turned and looked towards the house.
The man was going to be the occasion.
The man was timid and non-confrontational in nature.
The man who fetched that car fetched it carefully.
The man — the murderer — had gone.
The man, adjusting his cravat, then looked at us.
The man, followed by the others, walked briskly down on to the landing-stage.
The management consultant was on secondment to the struggling start-up
The manager offered a generous complimentary voucher as a gesture of goodwill.
The manufacturers will charge more if we demand the change.
The market has fragmented.
The master says you’re to go down the chimney!
The material is non-porous.
The material is porous.
The material may tear if tugged excessively.
The material was interwoven.
The mechanic inspected the car for safety.
The mechanic was particularly tall.
The mechanisms behind the causes of ageing are not fully understood.
The media need to stop using Terminator pictures when talking about Robots.
The meeting seemed endless.
The men I was matched against would miss no detail.
The men seemed unflinchingly confident.
The men stared into each other's face.
The merger will not sit well with the regulators.
The message was for the attendant.
The met office issued a yellow weather warning.
The metal bowl amplified the sound of the keys dropped into it.
The method of the murder began to be clear.
The metric system is based on units, tens and hundreds
The middle-aged man had already achieved so much.
The midnight hour has struck, and I must sleep.
The midwife confirmed the baby is in the breech position in the mother’s womb.
The migration from the legacy system.
The migration is estimated to take a week.
The milk had curdled and gone off.
The milk-maid cried angrily; "see what you have done!"
The mill had been long out of use.
The millennium bug was predicted to cause the mayhem. That did not happen.
The mincemeat used in mince pies doesn't contain any meat
The minister has outstanding negotiating skills.
The minute all this happened, I thought of him.
The mischief of neglect and mistaken indulgence towards such a girl.
The mists cleared away.
The mob came on, but it could not advance.
The mobile phone signal can be very patchy outside built-up areas
The model for vision in really complex.
The moment I heard the news I knew we must hurry.
The moment had come for me to speak.
The moment of her release from him was ecstasy.
The moon gleamed.
The moon had already begun its westward decline.
The moon was well on its last quarter and would not rise till late.
The more his opponents grew excited, the more Ernest deliberately excited them.
The more we listened, the more gaily he talked.
The morning is by this time getting on apace.
The most popular stall at the village fete was the lucky dip
The most popular type of council housing is a council house
The mother was apathetic towards her clingy child.
The motive of the crime leaps to the eyes.
The motor I had observed half an hour ago must have gone home.
The motor has failed.
The motorway was deadlocked.
The mouse disappeared through a hole in the skirting board
The mouse lived in a small hole in the skirting board
The movie spawned many franchises.
The movie uses explicit language and is not suitable for children.
The muffler rusted and has a leak.
The murder was not the work of a moment.
The murderer is not now the most important object of our search.
The museum had a rare Vase.
The musical chorus kicked in.
The musicians pulled off the bass drop with incredible skill.
The name Randy is not found very often in Britain.
The name flashed across my memory.
The nappy needs changing.
The nation of France invented croissants.
The national census survey may be entirely digital in the future.
The nearest gas station is on Veterans Boulevard.
The necessity must be obeyed, and further apology would be absurd.
The neighbouring country demonstrated its hegemony.
The neophyte's first day at work went well.
The network administrator resolved the connectivity issue of the router.
The new bed is comfortable.
The new parents were overwhelmed by the babies continuous crying.
The new version has eleven new enhancements.
The news article said the chef at this restaurant used to cook for royalty.
The news was well received.
The newsagent’s best seller was The Daily Mail
The newspaper's editorial was shocking.
The newspaper’s leader column was spot on.
The newt king wishes a word with us.
The next step was what puzzled me.
The next thing to watch out for is bed sores.
The next witness was the Duchess’s cook.
The night breeze whispered.
The night was calm and snowy.
The nightglow was treacherous to shoot by.
The noise caused her to turn, and for an instant embarrassment supervened.
The northern states mostly opposed slavery.
The note of appeal in his voice was loud.
The note was immediately dispatched, and its contents as quickly complied with.
The noticeboard had swung round overnight, and now hung askew.
The novice actor was overly dramatic.
The nurse came down alone carrying Helene's bag.
The nurse took her seat beside her; the man mounted on the box.
The odds seem favourable.
The odds seemed favourable for him.
The odds were horrible, but I had to take them.
The officers will find women better worth their notice.
The official intimation was in that note you brought me.
The offside wing of the car was seriously dented
The old book looked fine but had a lingering musty smell.
The old conspiracy to make me happy!
The old dear look, all love, all fondness, all affection.
The old girl's weight —  is twelve stone six.
The old man gasps, prostrate in his chair.
The old man hints at his meaning with a leer.
The old man laid down his hand to light a cigar.
The old man looks at him from under his hand.
The old man shakes his head with sharp sly triumph.
The old man was looking at me with blazing eyes.
The old man's not there.
The old man’s manner was perfect.
The old martyrs probably used to look like that.
The old snooker table is in the cellar.
The old woman sprang to her feet.
The old woman walked slowly, since she was stout.
The old woman who acted as servant received her.
The old woman's eyes kindled as she spoke.
The omnibus would have to wait for luggage.
The one point of danger had been passed.
The only thing that kept me going was that I was pretty furious.
The only thing that mattered was what Peter called “atmosphere”.
The only way to fly is first class
The only way to make sure is to get a good job
The only way too fly is first class
The opera had surtitles, so we could understand what was going on
The oracle was sometimes wrong.
The order has been partially shipped.
The organisation managed to squirrel away record amounts of cash last year.
The organization was murdered from within.
The other cousins soon disperse.
The other felt a sudden wave of irritation rush through him.
The other side of what?’ thought Alice to herself.
The other three officers remained in the boat.
The other windows upon that floor were shuttered.
The others followed upon his heels.
The outside panels of the car were painted a dark grey.
The oval green table was spread out beneath him littered with banknotes.
The overarching goal was maximum staff satisfaction.
The overzealous traffic warden ticketed a parked car.
The package contained illicit drugs
The packaging is reusable and environmentally friendly.
The pain from my hurt knee was agonizing.
The paintings are in the first exhibit.
The pair argued and were unreasonable toward each other.
The pale-green hat upon her fair head heavy with its curls!
The panel does seem to be in listening mode.
The paper had been bought, and the message had reached the house.
The paper was folded lengthwise, written upon only on the inside.
The paper was informative and well researched.
The paper was supplied in pdf format.
The paper was written and torn up yesterday.
The papers were graded.
The paperwork was legible.
The paragraph lacked any capitalization of letters and punctuation.
The paramedic first responders have been deployed.
The parameters are decoded on the server side.
The paraphernalia of justice were sadly lacking.
The park was built in the sixteenth century.
The park was very large, and contained great variety of ground.
The part which I acted is now to be explained.
The party came to the back door of the house.
The party came to the hotel.
The party denied foul play and aggressively defended their position.
The party did not supply much conversation.
The party followed the Commissaire along the drive to the coach-house.
The party passed into the garden of the villa.
The past participle of freeze is frozen.
The pasta was piping hot and burnt my tongue.
The patent application was submitted.
The path just admitted three.
The pathos of the thing gave me the pip.
The patient is suffering from acute cardiac pain.
The patient shows idiopathic symptoms.
The pause was to Elizabeth's feelings dreadful.
The pay packet is commensurate with the level of experience you hold.
The pay will be commensurate with the duties.
The payment plan has been agreed to be repaid in twelve instalments.
The pedestrian jaywalked.
The pen is mightier than the sword.
The pen's ink leaked into the bag.
The penitent trooper shook his head.
The people whom we knew laughed at her, and were ungenerous.
The performance became genteel, and ladies flocked to the matinees.
The perplexity upon his face greatly increased.
The perspiration, already bedewing my brow, became a regular Niagara.
The petrol station is about three kilometres ahead
The pharaoh did not treat his servants well.
The phenomena could not be explained.
The phoenix burst into flames spontaneously.
The phone has enhanced haptic feedback.
The phone slipped out of my hand and onto my toe.
The photo doesn't have to be pixel perfect.
The photo had a hue.
The photo was too bright so we're adding some darkening shadows.
The physicist was experimenting with radioactivity.
The picturesque would be spoilt by admitting a fourth.
The pilot used a head-up display.
The piranhas engaged in a feeding frenzy.
The pizza had peppers, anchovies, and different types of meats.
The place had been most cunningly chosen.
The place is positively stiff with happy endings.
The place is simply ill with atmosphere.
The place smelled stale; the slate roofs glistered in the arid heat.
The place was as orthodox as an Anglican church.
The plan was ineffective.
The plane descends steadily during landing.
The plane was delayed for three hours at Heathrow
The planters are already considering the matter.
The playwright spent many years refining his craft.
The plug-in will automatically transcribe the streaming audio or video feed.
The pneumatic drill rattled uncontrollably.
The poem was life-affirming.
The poet reflected on his words.
The point doesn't arise at all.
The point went big.
The police are in possession.
The police are up there now.
The police commissioner has committed to putting more feet on the ground.
The police questioned the pair overnight
The policeman drew his truncheon, and hit the protester on the shoulder
The policy is too negative; we need to rewrite it
The poliovirus has been eliminated in the wild.
The poor emaciated creatures all but worshipped him.
The poor man looked dishevelled and beaten down.
The pop-up boxes and advertisements obscured the text
The population is largely against the measure.
The position of the marks was at first sight a little peculiar.
The possibility of meeting Mr. Darcy, while viewing the place, instantly occurred.
The power of this woman is astonishing.
The preacher told a poignant story.
The press will go crazy over this story.
The presumption of guilt would fall upon her.
The presumption of innocence is a crucial legal concept.
The pretty village face looks brightly up.
The prime minister's counterpart from Greece will arrive today.
The prince will be getting married soon.
The principle is the same, I think?
The principle threatened to expel disorderly students.
The printers have been showing a nasty spirit for months.
The prisoner was truculent toward the guards.
The prisoners were housed in cell block M.
The problem is not endemic.
The problem was that the system had not worked for the past week
The proceeding would be over about half an hour too soon.
The proceedings terminated very shortly.
The professor’s discourse covered a variety of topics.
The programme still holds good.
The prohibition does not extend to us, does it?
The project is complete.
The project was short-lived.
The promoter's eyes were heavy, with little puffy bags under them.
The proof of it was lying under the table-cloth.
The proof of its effectiveness lay stretched upon the floor beside them.
The proposal fitted very well.
The psychiatrist will see you now.
The pupil and iris are parts of the eye.
The purple heart was blazing with fire.
The pushmi-pullyu shall never be shut up in a cage.
The puzzle — that can wait.
The pyramid has endured severe sandstorms.
The python programming language has become very popular nowadays
The quacking of the mallard sounded like the laugh of an evil superhero.
The quaver and semiquaver are musical notes of short duration
The queen’s reign over her nation spanned a century.
The question needed no answer.
The questionnaire is too simplistic.
The questions may have come vaguely in his mind.
The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.
The race track was shorter than I expected.
The race was lost by mere seconds.
The radiator has an air lock.
The radio suffered from signal attenuation.
The radiologist identified her patient's blood vessels had atrophied.
The railway station is just off the roundabout
The railway tracks were held together with sleepers
The railway was a revolutionary new form of transport.
The recent breakthrough in machine learning is due to advances in deep neural networks.
The recollection seemed to upset him, and he gulped down some more whisky.
The recovery driver inflated the flat tire.
The recovery man got it up and running in no time.
The rector of a parish has much to do.
The red-haired woman called Adele; the man with the little black moustache.
The referendum did not end as expected.
The reflection on the ice was distorted.
The refund requires authorization by a senior manager.
The region is known for its fertile land.
The regret in his voice was provocative of a second burst of laughter.
The relationship between businesses and consumers can be less transactional.
The relief, as you may well imagine, was stupendous.
The remembrance of little Scudder decided me.
The reorganization of these countries took the form of revolution.
The reply was a wry smile.
The report on how to tackle poverty and climate change was comprehensive and actionable.
The request is invalid.
The requirements of this assignment have been defined below.
The requirements were vague and undefined.
The research demonstrates poor analysis and critique of the method.
The researchers cited previous research to support their conclusions.
The responsibility falls on humans that design and operates systems.
The rest is mere detail work.
The rest of the evening brought her little amusement.
The rest of the house was in darkness.
The restaurant had a health inspection and rated highly.
The restaurant was heaving and we couldn't get a seat.
The results of this I now proceeded to hand on to him.
The retail sector faced a challenging quarter.
The reviewer opined that the play was an utter failure.
The rhythm is unmistakably familiar.
The rhythms of this piece are quite hypnotic
The rights in his patent he had mortgaged long ago.
The ringing of the big bell aroused him.
The ringleader here was plainly Bassett.
The river Severn flows for two hundred and twenty miles.
The river bared its bosom, and snorting steamboats challenged the wilderness.
The river should be shallow enough to wade across.
The road is closed. You have to follow the diversion signs
The road will diverge further along.
The robber had the audacity to sue the victim.
The robot imitated his trainer.
The robot was modelled to have a close semblance the human form.
The robot will carry your bags for you.
The robotic hands are designed to be dexterous, soft and delicate like people.
The rocket launched from Cape Canaveral at two thirty one in the morning.
The roller flattened the hot tarmac into a smooth surface.
The roof had collapsed under intense pressure.
The roof has been patched up many times over the years.
The roof sloped down in all directions.
The room in which the ladies sat was backwards.
The room was measurably cleaner.
The room was opposite Celia's.
The rooms lighting was dim and made me feel drowsy.
The rotor spun at incredible speeds.
The rowing boat can't accommodate any more.
The safe's empty.
The sales agent didn't call me back.
The salt dissolved in water immediately on contact.
The same that I expect.
The same words, indeed, were running through both women's minds.
The scents of strange vegetation blew off the tropic land.
The school caretaker was a very tall man
The school kids carried zest and positivity.
The school should do more to prevent personal property being stolen.
The school's headteacher may be a headmaster or a headmistress
The schoolroom was in uproar, and the student found it impossible to study
The scientist sought to debunk false claims.
The scientists were investigating extreme temperature events.
The score is deuce.
The scorn of her voice rang through the room.
The screen faded to black.
The scribes made mistakes.
The seagull dove into the river and caught a fish.
The seams of the trousers began to unravel.
The search continued for five days.
The search is not being overlooked.
The seemingly ceaseless tide of water enveloped the whole community.
The selection of the man shows their acumen.
The sentence is too long.
The sentence was long and convoluted.
The separation between her and her family was rather noisy than pathetic.
The sergeant who discovered the crime will be here at once.
The servant with the bandage was being soundly rated.
The server was decentralized.
The session timed out because there was no response from the server.
The sewer systems could not cope and the roads were flooded.
The sharp voice of Wolf Larsen aroused me.
The shepherd protected his flock of sheep.
The ship should be in within a week or ten days.
The shipwreck was buoyed off the coast.
The shock must have been severe.
The shoelace became loose.
The shoemaker can help us here.
The shop closes at nine P-M.
The shop is close by.
The shopping spree was burning a hole in my wallet.
The shopping trolley provided by Tesco had very wonky casters
The shot wasn't on the board.
The show was broadcast live.
The showcase is handcrafted using oak wood.
The sight gave me a shock.
The sight of Miss Lucas was odious to her.
The sign said E Z Loans and Finance.
The simple, direct method never fails, whereas the elaborate does.
The singing voice approached rapidly.
The sink has a hot tap and a cold tap
The situation is evidently pretty grim.
The situation obviously cries out for Jeeves.
The sixth day he spent in the cabin with Gregson.
The skewer may lead you to the criminal.
The skipper's and Nakata's gymnastics served as a translation without words.
The sky is blue, the birds are singing, there is optimism everywhere.
The sky was an icy blue, and there was a sharp East wind
The small corner shop sold fifteen different types of cheese
The smell goes on no further.
The smell of chicken curry made his mouth water in anticipation.
The smile passed from his face, and he became graver than before.
The snake stretched itself, then suddenly struck.
The softmax activation is very expensive to compute.
The software development life cycle defines the phases of a software project.
The software library will be released under the Lesser General Public License.
The software testing life cycle defines the phases of testing a project.
The sole consideration in this unhappy case is Sir Leicester.
The solemnity of his manner impressed him.
The song was endlessly playing on repeat.
The song was so-so.
The sordid, miserable struggle for mastery in this household.
The sound of the ringing Knell filled the room with despair.
The sound of wheels creaking and rasping rose to their ears.
The sound went away just as suddenly as it came.
The source of bias in algorithms is usually the data it was trained on.
The space elevator reached above the clouds.
The space ship performed a space-jump and disappeared into thin air.
The spaceship is trapped in a black hole.
The spectral voice repeats more solemnly, "Go away!"
The speeding driver risked injuring himself and others.
The spiritual anguish induced by that tactless speech had become noticeably lessened.
The squeaky wheel gets the grease.
The squirrel climbed up the tall acorn tree in seconds.
The squirrel ran up the pine tree in a spiral.
The staircase ascends to the roof of the high rise building.
The stakes were taken up by their owners.
The star is billions of miles away.
The starship nexus is our flagship.
The startup was backed by hedge funds.
The station, when I reached it, proved to be ideal for my purpose.
The statue is enormous.
The steel beams held the weight of the bricks and strengthened the building.
The steward has just tendered me a respectful bit of advice.
The storeroom was a damp chamber in what had been the old farmhouse.
The story of her trickery and her exposure would run through the town.
The stout wood was crushed like an eggshell.
The strange man said nothing but made another snort.
The stranger had a fiendish smile.
The stratospheric ozone layer was damaged.
The strictest orders were given and obeyed.
The striker scored a spectacular goal.
The structural damage was intensive, and the insurance company had written-it-off.
The student quit school, ostensibly due to financial problems.
The study had many flaws.
The subject did not admit of a doubt.
The sudden glare made them blink, and I stood scanning the three faces.
The suggestion startled every one who heard it.
The sun and wind had changed her, too.
The sun has got his hat on.
The sun is shining, however, it still feels cold.
The sun rose on the horizon.
The sun was shining
The sun will shine, although the day's a grey one.
The sundial is an ancient method of telling time.
The sunsets grow more bizarre and spectacular off this coast of the Argentine.
The superintendent will hear about this.
The supposition did not pain her.
The surgeon scrubbed up before commencing the operation.
The suspect hasn't been identified.
The suspect was arrested at midnight
The suspicions of Adele must find no verification.
The sweat stood upon it in beads.
The swish of her long satin train must betray her.
The system seems to be in chaos.
The table was displayed in a structured hierarchy.
The table, however, did not appear.
The tall gate was made from wrought iron.
The tap leaked several buckets of water until the leak was repaired.
The tap was leaking.
The task we set ourselves was threefold.
The taste of victory is palpable.
The tax office offers concessions in exceptional circumstances.
The taxi driver only brushed his bumper against the other car.
The teacher gave an anecdote during tuition.
The teacher ticked Rosie off for punching.
The teacher was very keen on Show and Tell.
The team equalized just before half-time.
The teams clashed over who was the best.
The tears gathered in her eyes and rolled down her cheeks.
The tears were rolling down Celia's cheeks.
The telegram was brought to him there.
The television shows the video feed but is inaudible.
The temperature dropped to fifty below zero and remained there the whole trip.
The temperature keeps fluctuating, what's wrong?
The tenant always paid his rent on time.
The term Artificial Intelligence can be misleading, it cannot think on its own yet.
The term rubber in British English is what Americans would call a pencil eraser
The tete-a-tete surprised them.
The theory so calmly enunciated took his breath away.
The thick concrete walls attenuated the wi-fi signal.
The thing seemed too incredible.
The thought set his blood tingling.
The three faces seemed to change before my eyes and reveal their secrets.
The three men in the room watched him with an intense excitement.
The three men left the Villa together.
The three women spoke a few words.
The three women went out of the recess.
The ticket tout was illegally selling Centre Court tickets for Wimbledon
The ticket tout was illegally selling Wimbledon tickets
The tickets have been issued.
The timbre of the new instrument was most pleasing.
The time is not come for your standing pledged to one another.
The time was considered auspicious.
The timid beauty promises in all earnestness to be trustworthy.
The tiny buttons on my mobile phone are very fiddly
The tiny lamb bleated softly.
The tipping points are interrelated, and could amplify one another.
The tires are Deflated.
The tires became bald from heavy usage.
The toaster burnt the toast, it was blackened and crusty.
The toddler became hyper after he ate some chocolate.
The toddler seemed very happy in his pushchair
The toddler threw a tantrum at the store checkouts.
The toddler was on the cusp of learning to speak.
The toolbox included a screwdriver, a spanner, a hammer, a saw and a drill
The torture is over.
The towel was saturated and didn't absorb anything.
The tower was built in a structured, systematic manner.
The town centre can get very crowded on Saturday afternoons
The town had a linear park along the riverbank.
The town is in the Worcestershire region.
The townspeople were dubious about the plans for fracking
The tracking reference did not work.
The traffic officer pulled me over for speeding and gave me a ticket.
The train conductor announced the journey is about to begin.
The train of her delicate green frock swept the floor.
The train was delayed yet again by a points failure
The train was full.
The transaction failed to complete.
The transfer had taken no more than a few seconds.
The tricks are so easy.
The trooper beckons as he calls him.
The trooper fails to fasten the brooch.
The trooper looked down upon him like a giant.
The trooper looks at her with a troubled visage.
The trouble about him was his partiality for playing a lone hand.
The trouble about him was that he was too romantic.
The trouble is that I’m not sober.
The truth of it set Jeanne quivering.
The tsunami flattened crudely built homes.
The tufts on a long-eared owl aren’t really ears
The tumult of her mind, was now painfully great.
The tune was infectious, for he followed my suit.
The turtles said "cowabunga" in excitement.
The tutor gave a good analogy.
The tutor was a gripping storyteller.
The twelve jurors were all writing very busily on slates.
The twins had a joint birthday party when they turned eighteen
The two cultures thrived through understanding and co-operation.
The two discoverers stare at them, who return the compliment.
The two friends rise and look at one another.
The two look at each other again.
The two neighbours disputed where the garden borders should be.
The two will come back, never fear.
The two women heard it too, and looked at one another.
The typeset was clear and easy to read.
The typical holidaymaker in the nineteen-fifties would often go to a seaside resort
The ultrasound confirmed the baby is healthy.
The university students devised a cunning way to extract minerals from rock.
The university was my Alma Mata.
The usual inquiries as to his success were made by the latter.
The usual wardrobe of the English gentleman paying a country-house visit.
The valley of the kings has the tombs of ancient Egyptian pharaohs.
The vast majority of emails is Spam.
The vendor will provide further details.
The very handle of the door was tried.
The very idea of it was preposterous.
The very man.
The very opposite is true; they are discouraged vagabonds.
The very thing we both said yesterday, Esther!
The very thing, Ernest agreed.
The very thought of the effort to swim over was nauseating.
The vessel was hollow.
The victim was asked to identify the thief at a police identity parade
The victim was brutally murdered at the scene.
The video is non-ephemeral.
The villagers worshipped a brazen idol
The violence of his contempt nettled him.
The visit to the restaurant at Montmartre, for instance.
The visit was soon returned in due form.
The visual effects are some of the best in the industry.
The voice rang now as false as hell.
The voice was Harry's, and his face was ashy white.
The volcano eruption had begun.
The voyage was our idea of a good time.
The waggoner was at our coach-door.
The wall was painted Matt white.
The walls were black with mould.
The warehouse management system is vertically integrated.
The water has dried.
The water in the bath was being replenished by the dripping tap.
The waterfall is visually pleasing.
The waters are out in Lincolnshire.
The waters of the inlet were first charted during the eighteenth century.
The weakness passed.
The weather forecast is changeable.
The weather made me liverish, the talk of the ordinary Englishman made me sick.
The website needs an interactive map
The website passed user acceptance testing.
The website was promoted to the pre-live environment.
The wedding day was the best day of his life.
The weeks had gone by, and no overt acts had been attempted.
The weighing scales have been calibrated and are ready for usage.
The white shirt will accentuate your red jacket.
The white van was tailgating other drivers.
The whole business had mesmerised me.
The whole country rings with it.
The whole family, in short, were properly overjoyed on the occasion.
The whole house is disgraceful.
The whole party before them, indeed, excited a lively attention.
The whole party stood like men stupefied.
The whole place smelt of mould and disuse.
The whole question was how much they understood about Scudder’s knowledge.
The whole thing is off.
The wicked witch and the wizard were in cahoots.
The wife had stopped communicating with her husband
The wind's getting round again, I am afraid.
The wind's in the east.
The wind's round again.
The window overlooked the main entrance to the hotel.
The windows and the glass doors were closed, the latticed shutters fastened.
The windscreen of the car became iced up overnight.
The windscreen wipers wiped away the rain droplets.
The winner of the world cup.
The wise man advised we work hard at work.
The wolf-dog thrust his gaunt muzzle toward him.
The wolves chased the cattle.
The woman herself is not the least item in his difficulty.
The woman in the navy blue beret was running away.
The woman in you is only incidental, accidental, and irrelevant.
The woman shakes her head.
The woman spoke with abhorrence.
The woman told me roughly to keep quiet.
The woman was urging her to be quick.
The woman wore scarlet lipstick and rather striking violet nail varnish
The woman's story was that the whole thing took place at night
The women they carried away with them to the Big Valley.
The wooden door had swung a little more open.
The wooden shutters outside the doors were not quite closed.
The word ad is short for advertisement
The word is a hybrid of both Latin and Greek.
The word was a sudden light upon his darkness.
The words became distinct to all upon that balcony.
The words delicious and disgusting are antonyms.
The words did create a considerable sensation.
The words might have meant anything.
The words went through Miriam like a blade.
The work culture is different.
The work is pseudonymous: nobody knows who wrote it.
The work wasn't too taxing.
The world cup was held in Brazil.
The world is shaped by technology.
The world premiere is tonight!
The worm ruined the apple.
The wrench cracked and shattered.
The writing was illegible.
The wrong note entirely.
The yacht was estimated to cost a half a million dollars.
The yellow brick road is actually quite long.
The young Englishwoman is, I suppose, your friend Miss Celia?
The young man is right.
The young one was the murderer.
The young, fair-haired girl in black velvet, the medium, was Celia.
The younger ones out before the elder ones are married!
The youngest of our family is also the smartest.
The youth have time but no money and adults have money but no time.
Their dedication is admirable.
Their first subject was the diminution of the party.
Their forces were already moving into the north country.
Their house was very comfortable and homely
Their lifelong hobby is breeding rare pigs.
Their love burned with increasing brightness.
Their manners are not equal to his.
Their mother sat sewing below.
Their object was to get these dispositions without our knowing it.
Their pet iguana obviously takes a lot of looking after.
Their powers of conversation were considerable.
Their prized collection of ornaments was stolen.
Their property is about half a kilometre down this track, on the left.
Their quarterback was injured in the first game of the season.
Their reception at home was most kind.
Their supply of grub was gone.
Their table was superlatively stupid.
Their teacher told my boys to aim higher.
Their views were completely inimicable to ours.
Their wedding anniversary is the twenty-seventh of October, I think
Then Ada blushingly asked me how did I know that.
Then I am here as soon as you, you see.
Then I approached the tiny booking-office and took a ticket for Dumfries.
Then I could see that he began to get edgy again.
Then I crept upstairs very cautiously, trying the doors.
Then I described my meeting with Sir Harry, and the speeches at the hall.
Then I got into a suit of clothes I had kept waiting for emergencies.
Then I got to the murder, and he grew solemn again.
Then I groped among the sacks and boxes.
Then I had a sudden thought, and hunted up all the steamer sailings.
Then I must tell you this.
Then I proceeded to go off into an old-fashioned swoon.
Then I realised that my vantage-ground might be in reality a trap.
Then I sat down in real earnest to Scudder’s note-book.
Then I saw a man standing in the street outside this block.
Then I saw an aeroplane coming up from the east.
Then I saw how the thing could be handled.
Then I saw that I had walked straight into the enemy’s headquarters.
Then I saw the way.
Then I set to work on my face.
Then I set to work to dress for the part.
Then I shall acknowledge it and make him reparation.
Then I shall open it.
Then I shall try another door.
Then I smelt it and put my tongue to it.
Then I staggered to a cupboard, found the brandy and swallowed several mouthfuls.
Then I thought I would put in an hour or two watching Trafalgar Lodge.
Then I took a more cheerful view.
Then I understood well enough.
Then I waited for a moment or two.
Then I went back to wider considerations.
Then I went home.
Then I wonder if you would mind doing something for me.
Then Paul fished out a little spray.
Then Paul often raked the fire.
Then Sir Harry started.
Then Tuppy has been chasing him for two hours and a half.
Then a clock upon a church struck the half-hour musically, distantly.
Then all becomes clear.
Then all the things must have fallen out!
Then began an unholy row.
Then came a bit of thick wood where I slackened speed.
Then came a sparkle of anger in his eyes.
Then came my boy code.
Then came our advertisement and the woman's written testimony.
Then came the horses.
Then came the question, which of the two next doors?
Then cautiously he crept on again.
Then comes the question how to meet it.
Then continue twiddling.
Then get a pole; get two poles.
Then get out on it —  it’s mine.
Then he asked: "And what will happen?"
Then he behaved in an extraordinary way.
Then he bent once more over the woman.
Then he bolted back.
Then he brought her hat, and she pinned it on.
Then he came to a stop.
Then he gave them it.
Then he hastened on, as Pierre had guided him.
Then he laughed in a friendly way at himself.
Then he lit another cigarette.
Then he rose and crossed again to the settee.
Then he roused himself from his reverie with a start.
Then he said abruptly: "Nothing, of course; nothing."
Then he shouted, Shut up.
Then he sprang down the stairs.
Then he stepped back with a low cry of pleasure.
Then he told her.
Then he took up the paper again.
Then he turned back into the room.
Then he turned me loose.
Then he turned to the head waiter.
Then he turned with an apology to his guests.
Then he was right after all?
Then he wouldn't have got himself into these troubles.
Then it flashes upon him.
Then it is as I said, Womble announced with finality.
Then it may be all right.
Then it really has happened, after all!
Then it was that a strange thing happened.
Then it's high time you began again.
Then my sister was drawn.
Then on the outskirts of the town he finds an empty villa.
Then our brother was drawn — swiftly — to drunkenness.
Then pray speak aloud.
Then prove it, Celia.
Then she had better go.
Then she has recovered!
Then she pushed her out.
Then she slightly beckons to him and says, "Come here!"
Then she tore frantically at the cords.
Then she turned impulsively and spoke in a voice of appeal.
Then she was never robbed after all?
Then something awoke me.
Then something emerged from the mists.
Then steps approached the recess.
Then suddenly I had an inspiration.
Then suddenly I thought of another probability.
Then suddenly the car stopped.
Then the conversation petered out.
Then the dark fell, and silence.
Then the light was turned up again.
Then the plump one spoke up.
Then the vision faded, the tambourines and cymbals rattled again.
Then there are plenty of Marine Parades, if that’s what you mean.
Then there is no more to be said.
Then there was the campaign.
Then they came outside, and stood just below the dovecot arguing fiercely.
Then they do not know it yet?
Then they passed out of his hearing.
Then they thought better of it, and went back to the house.
Then they tied me.
Then upon horror, horror was added.
Then we both raised both.
Then we may dismiss him for the present.
Then we went and heard her story..
Then we will question the maid.
Then we'll face it out.
Then we’d be part of the problem.
Then what did he do?
Then what did you do?
Then what do you mean you've got good news?
Then what's a fellow to do?
Then why are we here, my friends?
Then why should they quarrel with us?
Then with some difficulty I turned the car.
Then you can arrange yourself comfortably among these robes in the bow.
Then you can understand how infamous the suggestion is.
Then you cannot be too discreet.
Then you don't believe in altruism.
Then you gave me a little piece of information.
Then you have not heard, sir?
Then you left here about a quarter to ten.
Then you make your hair creep up it, like a fruit-tree.
Then you still cling to Geneva?
Then you’ll know why.
Then — oh yes, I dined with the Fishmongers.
Then, I can promise you, you will be entertained and possibly edified.
Then, again, Tudor had such an irritating way about him.
Then, and at supper, he tried to fathom her.
Then, feeling queenly, she showed Paul how to blanch almonds.
Then, however, Celia's mother broke down under the strain and died.
Then, in the silence, a tambourine jangled.
Then, who taught you?
Then, will you come to the lawyer?
Then, with a remarkable air of consideration, he bowed.
Then, you move on with your life.
Therapy can help overcome addiction to cigarettes.
There I breakfasted off a whisky-and-soda and some biscuits from the cupboard.
There I was my own master.
There are a thousand things which I don't understand.
There are alternative paint colours available.
There are approximately thirty toys in this box.
There are architectural gems to be found in the local cemetery.
There are bargains at the local supermarket today.
There are breakfast cereals in the cupboard.
There are congestion charges in this region.
There are diamonds glittering on the hand that holds the screen.
There are different sizes of batteries.
There are eight bits in a byte.
There are few Quantum computers in existence today.
There are forums for every kind of community.
There are four points I see as vitally important.
There are four, all low, McCoy answered.
There are free courses that teach how to provide healthcare in humanitarian crises situations.
There are funds in hand.
There are historical indicators of where the divergence of culture began.
There are lots of different ways to be polite in Japanese.
There are machine learning techniques to mitigate bias in datasets.
There are many approaches to solving a single problem.
There are many customization options available.
There are many different versions of Santa Claus, including Father Christmas from England
There are many established strategies, picking the right one is hard.
There are many regions that lack potable water.
There are many roads to the same destination.
There are many startup accelerators to boost the economy.
There are many types of Neural Network modelling techniques in machine learning.
There are many types of Reptile.
There are many variations of tea at a supermarket.
There are many varieties of this jacket.
There are more people increasingly using the internet.
There are multiple addresses on your account, which one should we use?
There are no attachments in this email.
There are no clear purposes behind this article.
There are no kiddies and half grown youths among them.
There are no sounds audible in the vacuum of space.
There are no tricks here.
There are none left.
There are over a hundred noble laureates in the United Kingdom.
There are scissors for both left-handed and right-handed people.
There are several species of horse chestnut tree, all of which bear conkers
There are several ways to subscribe.
There are solar panels that can replace roof tiles.
There are solar panels that look like blinds.
There are solar panels that look like glass windows.
There are the canals of China, and the Yang-tse River.
There are things which kill love.
There are thirteen items in a baker’s dozen
There are too many blokes in here.
There are too many records to test individually.
There are two ducks in the canal.
There are untapped opportunities to invest in new burgeoning firms.
There are worse things in the world than being a Scarecrow.
There can be a knock-on effect, whereby shocks cascade through the system.
There can be no doubt about that.
There can be no love in all this.
There can be no occasion for your going so soon.
There followed a roar that shook the earth.
There goes an hour by the clock!
There had been something of affection.
There has been a change, she interrupted him.
There has been dirty work afoot.
There have been no announcements from the school to say it is closed today.
There have been several other interdisciplinary studies.
There he and Bassett were, alone together in the evening stillness.
There he is still, eagerly pointing, and no one minds him.
There is a broad range of massive open online courses for humanitarian volunteers.
There is a clear distinction between machine learning and artificial general intelligence.
There is a congruency between the data collected.
There is a discrepancy in the filing system.
There is a disproportionate amount of people dropping out of school.
There is a flaw in that new invention.
There is a fundamental difference in how a diesel engine works.
There is a great honour in being granted a Nobel prize.
There is a growing demand for developers with analytics expertise.
There is a heightened risk of political tension and conflict.
There is a huge gap between the two detached homes.
There is a lot of Literature on this subject.
There is a lot of hype around cryptocurrency and block-chain.
There is a precedence.
There is a presence in the room; I will speak to it.
There is a problem with the camshaft.
There is a ready explanation, Jeeves.
There is a real place called Atlantis.
There is a tea towel over there to dry the dishes
There is a terrible draught in this room
There is a wild disturbance — is it fear or anger?
There is about him something that seems to soothe and hypnotize.
There is air trapped in the pipes.
There is an asymmetry in this triangle.
There is an exception to the rule.
There is an imposing monument just outside.
There is an increasing number of people being internally displaced due to climate change.
There is an ogreish kind of jocularity in Grandfather today.
There is another shore, you know, upon the other side.
There is another virtue in these bulkheads.
There is encouragement in the sound of it.
There is first the chauffeur.
There is high-quality educational content online by leading educators.
There is inquiry made at various houses for a boy named Jo.
There is minimal variability in this range.
There is more behind this than a mere university ideal.
There is more colour in your cheeks.
There is more than one path to any destination.
There is much more to ponder in greater depth.
There is no State in Europe that wants him gone.
There is no better place than a sunny beach.
There is no danger of Wickham's marrying Mary King.
There is no definitive answer.
There is no doubt that she was chloroformed.
There is no excuse for tardiness.
There is no finer air and no healthier soil in the world
There is no live action; it's an all-digital character.
There is no mention of the earrings.
There is no need of further detail, now -- for you can understand.
There is no need to replace human workers with robots.
There is no other word to describe the sound.
There is no pill for all ailments, look after your health.
There is no place like home.
There is no single Medication that is a Panacea for all ailments.
There is no such thing as instant satisfaction.
There is no time like the present.
There is no truth in it.
There is no way out of that yard.
There is not a bit of fish to be got today.
There is not an iota of truth in it, certainly not.
There is not much affability in her tone.
There is not much distraction for the woman who nurses them.
There is not much material to be got out of that.
There is nothing I could desire more.
There is nothing Richard wants so much as a friend.
There is nothing in her manner to express weakness or excite compassion.
There is nothing like dancing after all.
There is nothing mercenary in him.
There is nothing that we can do.
There is nothing to be done.
There is one point on which I want your advice.
There is only one course to pursue.
There is something grotesque in it.
There is something in this house which I do not understand.
There is something — a presence here — some one who means harm!
There is still a chance.
There is such an expression of goodness in his countenance!
There is that magnificent Bob, eating his head off in the stable.
There is the question.
There is value in the aggregation of research content.
There isn't much you do know.
There may be something in this.
There must be no noise, no violence.
There must be some mistake.
There must be some way of reading this riddle.
There my reasoning stopped.
There needs to be more awareness surrounding the issues raised in this event.
There needs to be more discussion and debate.
There never can have been, there never can be, a pleasanter manner.
There never was a more independent being.
There never was such a good fellow as Woodcourt is.
There ought to be a book written about me, that there ought!
There seemed to be two of them, men in coats and tweed caps.
There seems to be a lack of organisation, she said
There seems to be a problem with the fuel injection.
There seems to be a sentence or paragraph missing on page three.
There seems to be so much litter everywhere these days
There she lived honestly but miserably.
There they all were, present and correct.
There they were, matched, ever afterwards!
There was Gussie, emerging as stated.
There was a box of detonators, and a lot of cord for fuses.
There was a change now.
There was a click as if a lever had been pulled.
There was a dead silence.
There was a fag-end of sunset still functioning.
There was a flock of sheep blocking the country road.
There was a hole in the carpet.
There was a jenny wren’s in the hedge by the orchard.
There was a little distance between him and Miriam.
There was a little muslin curtain drawn across it.
There was a little parapet behind which I found space to lie down.
There was a little stock of electric torches on one shelf.
There was a long knife through his heart which skewered him to the floor.
There was a long letter enclosed in a handwriting unknown to him.
There was a longish pause.
There was a look of infinite suffering upon his face.
There was a multitude of queer things there.
There was a note of anguish in his voice difficult to resist.
There was a pause, during which I massaged my calves.
There was a question — a question not easy to answer.
There was a seance held in the salon last night.
There was a seance held last night in the little salon.
There was a second condition we laid down.
There was a short note about me as the owner of the flat.
There was a street lamp near to the door, he remembered.
There was a stronger personality than hers at work in the room.
There was a tear on her eyes.
There was also a legacy of one thousand pounds.
There was an absence of the finer touches of humanity in it!
There was an accomplice within the house.
There was an accomplice within the villa.
There was an interesting piece of evidence already in his possession.
There was another reason too for her opposition.
There was applause, and a voice cried: "Hear, hear!"
There was certainly too much of it in the air.
There was condensed moisture on the wall and the area become mouldy.
There was confusion in the corridor.
There was debris scattered across the vicinity.
There was dew in the area.
There was exactly one a-piece all round.
There was hardly any of it left.
There was his chance.
There was interference in the microphone signal.
There was moonshine, too, in my head.
There was much static in the audio feed.
There was neither in figure nor face any likeness between the ladies.
There was no answer from the other side.
There was no arguing upon such a project.
There was no chance to fire without hitting him.
There was no cover for a tomtit in those bald green places.
There was no diminution of his rage.
There was no doubt that hell was afoot somewhere.
There was no forecasting this strange girl's processes.
There was no gain from the crime unless she spoke.
There was no help for it, however.
There was no law on the Yukon save what they made for themselves.
There was no sign of fear upon his face.
There was no surprise.
There was no trace of the book.
There was none of the joy of meeting in his face.
There was not a moment to be lost.
There was not a second to spare.
There was nothing but short heather, and bare hill bent, and the white highway.
There was nothing else to do, so Alice soon began talking again.
There was nothing for us but the wide raw ocean.
There was nothing more, except a large ink blot under the words.
There was nothing on the rock.
There was nothing to be done except to set about arresting her.
There was nothing to be feared from her.
There was one chance, and only one, of saving Jeanne.
There was one difficulty, however.
There was one night last June — only last June!
There was pride and strength, the ring of triumph in his voice.
There was proper division of labor in the work they individually performed.
There was so little disorder.
There was some confusion at first but we overcame it with practice.
There was something about the old gentleman which puzzled and rather terrified me.
There was something black against the glass doors — a man.
There was something horribly deliberate about his movements.
There was something pathetic in the girl's attitude now.
There was such a horrible stink in the classroom that they evacuated the students.
There was the Emma Louisa.
There was the free use, too, of Christian names.
There was the mess-jacket still on its hanger.
There was the usual stream of merchandise, books and spin-offs.
There was too much dust to see anything.
There wasn’t room for one where she came from.
There we go again, William!
There we saw a prim gentleman, with a clean-shaven, lawyer’s face.
There were a great many ink bottles.
There were eight people in a row.
There were envelopes strewn on the floor.
There were few people in the streets.
There were holidays at school on other birthdays —  none on mine.
There were larks, linnets, and goldfinches —  I should think at least twenty.
There were lights outside.
There were many limitations to the research.
There were many routes, the sat-nav picked the fastest one.
There were no further imprints.
There were no sets of staircases on any harbour that I had ever seen.
There were none.
There were orange-green, gold-green, and a copper-green.
There were people still dining at the tables.
There were several second-hand bags, blue and red, hanging up.
There were six little ducks.
There were stir and bustle, new faces, and fresh facts.
There were the man and the woman, her accomplices.
There were three sets of footmarks upon the soil.
There were two columns about the Portland Place Murder, as it was called.
There were, however, exceptions.
There weren't any missions, and he was the man to know.
There would be no bungling.
There would be no more patient and careful service.
There would be no waste of time.
There you are, you see!
There — at the bridge — your car is stopped.
There'll he nobody but Ma to thank for it.
There's Fort Churchill, a rifle-shot beyond the ridge, asleep.
There's a big English general right now whose name is Roberts.
There's a blizzard out there, are you still going to work?
There's a boat at the bottom of the garden.
There's a cruel attraction in the place.
There's a generational gap, so we're getting our wires crossed.
There's a man who gets ahead of me at every turn.
There's a very bad sort of fever about him.
There's an historic crime in your own country.
There's been a shady white van parked outside for over an hour.
There's far too much fudge and cosy familiarity in government.
There's for you!
There's no east in it.
There's no great odds betwixt us.
There's no knowing what's going to happen in the future.
There's no limit to the amount of good you can do.
There's no now for us suitors.
There's nobody in the house.
There's nobody like Jeeves.
There's not an iota of truth in it.
There's nothing better than a dip in a warm bathtub.
There's nothing preventing you from learning to play the guitar.
There's nothing the matter; I will come to you presently.
There's simply nothing to it.
There's the hitch, replied Thorpe, rolling a cigarette.
There's too much of the schoolboy in me.
There, and through it all, my dear physician was a hero.
There, as you say, is the snag.
There, silhouetted against the dusky West was my friend, the monoplane.
There, that is better, is it not?
Therefore I advise you to drink it as soon as possible.
Therefore I recommend your turning him out before he gets still worse.
Therefore be at peace with God, whatever you conceive Him to be.
Therefore he has been marked down these twelve months past.
Therefore she must be innocent!
Therefore the murderers had not gone before eleven.
Therefore, George, be careful what you say.
Therefore, hurrah for the game.
There’s a bathroom next door, and I’ve prepared a hot bath.
There’s a porpoise close behind us, and he’s treading on my tail.
There’s a trunk-call from London, Sir Walter.
There’s more use in you than I thought.
There’s someone at the counter.
There’s the White Queen running across the country!
There’s trouble about and I’m in it.
These apartments have been recently renovated and are available for viewings.
These apes have lived in this territory for a century.
These are Canadian tourists.
These are a chest of drawers.
These are concepts of the original van design.
These are conventional methods.
These are edge case scenarios, so are not high in the priority list.
These are exciting times.
These are facts, and, as I said, I can face facts.
These are forces of change.
These are good times.
These are grave defects.
These are innovation hubs.
These are innovation incubators.
These are insect Larvae.
These are late hours for working and thinking.
These are locusts.
These are memories of another era.
These are my top grades.
These are our recent hires.
These are our respected benefactors.
These are peaches, these are.
These are standard audio discs.
These are tertiary issues.
These are the best lodgers we ever had.
These are the governing bodies of schools.
These are the hallmarks of game changers.
These are the real feelings that I had.
These are your great grandparents.
These arms upon my neck for the last time!
These bangles are made from pure gold.
These blandishments have entirely won the family heart.
These bones are dating back to two hundred Anno Domini.
These calcium tablets are effervescent.
These causes must be stated, though briefly.
These country binges are all the same.
These craters are from millions of years ago when dinosaurs walked the planet.
These creams are derived from plant extract.
These details were assuredly the truth.
These diabetic pills help me control my blood sugar levels.
These dogs have been bred to be ultra sensitive to smells.
These entrants all have an entrepreneurial mindset.
These features are now redundant.
These frames are made from graphite.
These ideas are universally accepted.
These jeans are too long, and need to be shortened.
These little ones are always right!
These men might be acting; but if they were, where was their audience?
These objects lie directly within his range.
These old texts have recently been proven to be apocryphal.
These people were all made of china.
These processor designs are confidential.
These quick little joys of hers were sources of joy to him.
These requirements are encompassing all of the details we discussed in our prior meetings.
These rumors may even originate with us.
These things take it out of one, don't they?
These tools are empowering to people living with disabilities.
These two pages seem disjointed and out of place.
These urinals are out of order.
These walls are paper thin, I can hear everyone next door.
These were details, and did not distress her.
These were merely stout sticks an inch or so in diameter.
These were my thoughts about Richard.
These were perplexities and contradictions that I could not account for.
They advance slowly, looking at all these things.
They all expected a judgment.
They all paint tables, cover screens, and net purses.
They all stood still and listened, straining their ears for any sound.
They all went into the house, and left me feeling a precious idiot.
They all went out into the hall.
They are a provocation to thieves.
They are all for what they can get.
They are all so brittle!
They are almost new, you see.
They are big trees and require plenty of room.
They are coming ashore, whoever they are.
They are equally unfit for office
They are going to defer taking a decision until the next meeting.
They are gone off together from Brighton.
They are greatly delighted with anything that is bright or giveth a sound.
They are having eggs and bacon and champagne.
They are his tongue, by which he makes his knowledge articulate.
They are hoping to holiday in the Caribbean.
They are in the same profession, you know, only in different lines.
They are lacking the very necessities of life.
They are lifting her out!
They are my old friends.
They are my weak point.
They are no such thing.
They are not biologists nor sociologists.
They are not regular oyster pirates, Nicholas continued.
They are the loveliest I ever saw.
They are the result of immense thought, and no alteration would be as good.
They are to attack your camp tomorrow night.
They are two separate systems that don't interact.
They are very artful people indeed, sister.
They are waiting on the shingle—will you come and join the dance?
They arise, roll up and stow away their mattresses.
They asked about you and said they had hoped to meet you here.
They ate dinner at the fifth, and rested for two hours.
They both thought it worthwhile to take first aid courses.
They burst into the room.
They call themselves a customer-centric company.
They came out with me to look at the boy.
They charged one pound seventy-five for postage and packing
They charged over-the-odds prices, I won't use them again.
They closed now until his fingers were like cords of steel.
They clung together for dear life
They conquered their fear.
They continued valiantly to lie, but the truth continued to outrun them.
They could not be together due to cultural differences.
They could not continue their method of producing surpluses.
They couldn't finish the task as they weren't able to find the key
They crept into the passage.
They decided to divorce due to irreconcilable differences in their marriage.
They deliberately created a hostile environment
They descended into the hall close by the main door.
They did not know that Harry was suspected.
They did not reach home until five minutes to three.
They didn't react at all; they simply ignored us.
They didn't throw eggs, or anything?
They didn’t know I was sitting thirty yards off in a rhododendron.
They die in prison, though.
They die out of spite.
They disliked each other from the moment they met.
They do not know that Marthe wrote a letter yesterday night.
They do not know the length of time of incubation.
They don't belong to him, and they never did.
They don't know of him, but he does know of them.
They don't seem able to grasp the simplest thing.
They don't seem to lie in that direction.
They doubled the height.
They dreamed of buying a house together.
They drew their household water supply from a borehole.
They drove to the station and took the train.
They edged nearer, and stood shoulder to shoulder facing their world.
They eventually succeeded after five failed attempts
They exemplify what I have said.
They fascinated me like the bright eyes of a snake.
They finished fourth out of four teams.
They followed her into the dining-parlour.
They found Mr. Bennet still up.
They found a master, not an instrument.
They found themselves in a dire situation.
They generally had their meals here.
They give me a month to restore the money.
They got into their car and were out of sight in three minutes.
They had a brilliant invention idea but lacked the funding.
They had a triumphant victory.
They had all been very ill-used since she last saw her sister.
They had an argument and aren't talking to each other.
They had an illicit liaison in the gazebo.
They had been carelessly left unbolted.
They had been on the same lay as ourselves.
They had come from the weekly market, and their mouths were full of prices.
They had crossed the bridge; they were in Switzerland.
They had frequently been staying with her in town.
They had long wished to see him.
They had no fixed values, to be altered by adjectives and adverbs.
They had passed the big villas.
They had walked together up the hill to the hotel.
They hallooed at the sight of me, and I waved my hand.
They handled two men already, both grub-thieves.
They have been expectant of a new baby for a few months now.
They have brought in both their people.
They have gone.
They have their own snug secret way, and they won’t be hurried.
They have won popular sentiment through the newspapers.
They helped her to sit up.
They hung on my lips.
They just lay off in the bush and plugged away.
They knew the truth before they reached the entrance of the hotel.
They know that would mean a row and put us on our guard.
They laughed like two happy children.
They lay next to each other in the hay, fast asleep.
They led on, slashing their way through the dense forest.
They left the train at Alfreton.
They let her waltz with them.
They likewise are disinclined to being eaten.
They lit a candle in memory of their dear friend.
They lived in a picturesque community.
They lived in a terrace house, on the wrong side of the tracks
They look as though he had been drumming a piano all his life.
They look at each other, like two pictures.
They look very, very like that sort of thing.
They looked very much alike but behaved completely differently.
They made fatuous comments in the meeting.
They made gains of epic proportions.
They made me get up.
They married, and Celia was born.
They must have been swept away by the chaotic currents.
They now walked on in silence, each of them deep in thought.
They obeyed him, and went here and there at his commands.
They only get in the way.
They only had a little thirty thousand dollar fire.
They only lifted seven hundred and fifty.
They ought to pass here some time today.
They pretend to be medics, but in reality they are simply ambulance chasers.
They ran the canoe in and climbed the high earth bank.
They reached the hotel in a few minutes.
They robbed me a few years later.
They saw each other for the first time in Boston.
They saw much to interest, but nothing to justify inquiry.
They seem to put everything upon Bill!
They settled off the coast in a remote village.
They shook hands upon it laughingly, but in deep earnestness.
They sneaked into the cinema.
They spent their summer at Lockwood camp.
They spent weeks digging the pond.
They spoke Bangla in Bangladesh.
They spoke in whispers.
They stood in the darkness listening.
They stood looking at one another, white and trembling.
They stopped at the gate.
They tell me I owe more than that.
They tell me downstairs that your wife is here.
They thanked him much for that.
They told me they were going to take me away.
They too have their story.
They took a bike ride on the forest trails.
They took her upstairs into the big bedroom overlooking the lake.
They took refuge on the central reservation of the dual carriageway
They trained together at the police academy.
They translated it but changed some things.
They travelled on to New York via London Heathrow
They used relu as an activation function for this problem.
They vary in their number.
They very soon came upon a Gryphon, lying fast asleep in the sun.
They waited outside the exit while the passengers gave up their tickets.
They walked accordingly up the hill.
They walked and talked for most of the afternoon.
They walked carefully through the china country.
They went downstairs and entered Ricardo's motor car.
They went on many adventures together.
They went out again into the garden.
They were arch rivals, now they're best friends.
They were artists, not biologists.
They were at the righthand side of the door.
They were babbling and chattering all together.
They were both under the age of consent.
They were counting on sneaking in to the venue unobserved
They were deep in the primeval forest.
They were descending the stairs.
They were excessively sorry to go!
They were following the shore of a lake.
They were found under the floor of the bedroom.
They were from two disparate communities.
They were going to arrest her and her accomplices.
They were going to spend the day relaxing.
They were hiding in the garden.
They were hopeless of remedy.
They were ignorant, idle, and vain.
They were kid boots at eight shillings a pair.
They were ladies of the night.
They were left behind by somebody.
They were less stooped than we, less springy in their movements.
They were letters from the lodger's sweetheart, signed.
They were looking for something, and moved towards the mill.
They were made in London.
They were natural and just.
They were not the only objects of Mr. Collins's admiration.
They were not welcomed home very cordially by their mother.
They were on the great journey to Geneva.
They were overpowered afresh by his uncommon generosity.
They were planning to get married in June.
They were playing follow my leader when Erica fell into the lake.
They were quietly absorbed into the landscape.
They were removing her pearl necklace, her bracelets, and her rings.
They were seated now, near together.
They were seen together, walking slowly in the direction of the villa.
They were terribly bruised.
They were the presage of storm.
They were three hundred yards apart.
They were to be off as soon as possible.
They were two cushions, both indented, and indented in different ways.
They were waiting for strange things to happen in the darkness.
They were, therefore, to go.
They will be found there.
They will do nothing until dark.
They will never be distressed for money.
They will ruin your happiness.
They will search for us between their camp and Churchill.
They would come into the recess and see him.
They would doubtless be congenial with the generality of female minds.
They would keep the girl until she came to Geneva.
They would not let me into the garden.
They wouldn't be sweeping a big vessel like the Martha.
They'll do as they are?
They're a holding company.
They're not coming, are they?
They've broken off their engagement.
They, too, had been carelessly left unbolted.
They, too, think that she let in the murderers.
They’d pick me up again in a minute, they would!
They’ll do well enough; don’t be particular—Here, Bill!
They’re both gone to the town.
They’re in the dining-room having whiskies-and-sodas.
They’re not going to let their guests be murdered.
Things began to look black for Harry.
Things did happen occasionally, even in this God-forgotten metropolis.
Think of investing in such an adventure.
Think of their rage, their stupefaction, and finally their fear!
Think twice before you come here again.
Thirst was my chief torment.
Thirty pounds, said the captain with finality.
Thirty-four, thirty-five, thirty-nine, forty-two, forty-seven.
This Otorhinolaryngologist treated my hearing problems.
This a forum for experts.
This a most infamous coach.
This aching heart, for instance.
This afternoon you shall go to Brinkley Court, an honoured guest.
This airport does intercontinental flights.
This also became part of the daily schedule.
This app is not ready for everyday use.
This apparently struck Gussie as a reasonable explanation.
This appears to be a pleasant spot.
This application will work on any computer.
This area is under construction.
This area used to be surrounded by factories.
This assignment is incomplete.
This aunt, I perceived, must fall into line with my other clients.
This boy appears to be totally lacking in Scripture knowledge.
This bread is past its expiration, but it can be composted.
This bridge has very little structural integrity.
This burger looks like someone took a huge bite out of it.
This business of Angela and me.
This can he charged to nobody.
This candidate is a recent graduate with no experience.
This cannot be done by wolfing sausages.
This cannot be!
This car can attain speeds up to one hundred miles per hour.
This car runs on gas.
This car runs on gasoline.
This charity three-d prints open source prosthetics for amputees.
This comic book was published in the fifties.
This community is a model example of cohesion and community spirit.
This contrasted to what we were told last year.
This conversation is being recorded for quality assurance purposes.
This could restore optimism and boost morale.
This decent common-place dwelling was not what I had expected.
This deed was done last night at ten o'clock.
This delighted Charley, and her face was brighter than before.
This demonstrates the anxiety of our times.
This design will be too expensive.
This desirable property is in Chancery, of course.
This did seem to complicate matters somewhat.
This dismal weather makes me want to go back on holiday.
This document is a draft, and is open for discussion
This document is in the public domain.
This document is not properly cited.
This does not improve the legibility of his notes.
This dogma has been challenged.
This e-book can be shared freely but for non-commercial uses only.
This epitomizes the lack of concern people have been showing for their neighbours.
This evening Paul had been moody and perverse.
This explains the patterns we are seeing in the sample audience.
This fellow approaches as he speaks.
This fiscal year.
This fruit is native to the region.
This gateway will give trade people access to wholesale prices.
This goes straight back to the house!
This graduation certificate symbolizes the years of hard work I put in.
This gun has a heck of a recoil.
This hackathon is being hosted to inspire the next generation of innovators and disruptors.
This has a dual-core processor.
This has a quad-core processor.
This has been a trying ordeal for you.
This has been designed for children.
This held her.
This holiday we’ll be touring with our caravan, stopping each night at caravan parks
This image has been released under a creative commons attribution license.
This in its turn he moved quickly aside.
This invaluable friend was a very young woman, and very lately married.
This is a Fire door, please keep shut.
This is a London particular.
This is a binding contract.
This is a categorical problem for sure.
This is a common experience with all of us.
This is a complex instruction set computer.
This is a cross-terrain electric vehicle.
This is a deep dive course into Machine Learning for Dot Net.
This is a diesel free zone.
This is a freehold property.
This is a good segway into the next topic.
This is a hallway, not a football stadium!
This is a holy book for Christians.
This is a major setback.
This is a multi-pack deal.
This is a newly minted coin.
This is a quick start primer.
This is a reduced instruction set computer.
This is a regular donor.
This is a safe place.
This is a serious charge, George.
This is a serious matter for both of you.
This is a strange and curious story you are telling me.
This is a stub page.
This is a tenet of the software pattern.
This is a tensor processor.
This is a toilet sewer drain pipe.
This is a valued patron.
This is a volunteer organization, not a social club.
This is adaptive code which can run on different platforms.
This is an Eat All You Like restaurant.
This is an aggregate score.
This is an alternate website design you can choose from.
This is an ancient film.
This is an essential part of civilized society.
This is an important historical site, and we need to preserve it.
This is an important subject.
This is an incubator for innovation.
This is an infographic.
This is an ultralight case.
This is an unsuitable typeset for a professional document.
This is cutting edge stuff!.
This is domestic produce.
This is doubly true when you have to less time on your hands.
This is eighteen eighty.
This is females only changing room.
This is for company use only.
This is fresh non-pasteurized milk.
This is full-fat milk.
This is fully skimmed milk.
This is industry four point zero.
This is leasehold land.
This is merely in passing.
This is my advice.
This is my favorite song!
This is my fifth voyage.
This is my frugal breakfast.
This is my last will and testament.
This is my own creation.
This is no place for you.
This is non-conventional.
This is not a professional attendance.
This is not a real robot, it's just an animatron.
This is not in the scope of the project.
This is not your resolution; call it up, Esther, call it up!
This is our Artificial Intelligence Resident, Ayaan.
This is our company charter.
This is our dining area.
This is public domain content.
This is purpose built.
This is semi-skimmed milk.
This is skimmed milk.
This is splendid news.
This is strong language, William.
This is supposed to be the age of enlightenment.
This is the Gross National Product.
This is the attack as it should have been delivered.
This is the consignment number for your order.
This is the designated car park for visitors.
This is the driest thing I know.
This is the earthly punishment I have brought upon myself.
This is the estimation in which you hold me!
This is the family ranch.
This is the garden of Lincoln's Inn.
This is the gross domestic product.
This is the hall of champions in the history of martial arts.
This is the highest level of abstraction in our system.
This is the latest incarnation of an automatically rechargeable electric vehicle.
This is the real tabasco.
This is the signal for a general settlement of the audience.
This is the strongest candidate for the role.
This is the young lady.
This is to be hushed up if it can be.
This is totally over my head.
This is used across-the-board.
This is where the bird lives and sings.
This is your personal hotel suite.
This island is inhabited by rare turtles.
This light and the gate opened and reopened aroused my suspicions.
This lizard looks weird.
This lounger is not shabby yet, but that will come.
This made him almost grave.
This made me a bit dubious, I must confess.
This may end badly.
This means that the conference has been pushed back a month.
This might be worth a look.
This molecular structure is unlike anything I've ever seen.
This morning, ma'am; I found him at the corner of the town.
This morose person lent them, and we wore them out.
This movie requires parental supervision.
This must be very sore.
This narrow squeak has made me come over all faint.
This neighbourhood is rated the best in the country.
This new development had quickened it.
This one hope was destroyed as quickly as it was born.
This only has a single core processor.
This ornament is from the Aztec era and has survived the harshest climate.
This other gentleman is in the preaching line, I think?
This paper is remarkable, who wrote it?
This paper lacks references and bibliography.
This paper was cried last night through the streets of Geneva.
This path will lead you to your destination.
This phone is defective.
This photo was dedicated as a throwback to the seventies.
This picture is asymmetric.
This practically incessant merriment, I mean.
This price is subject to availability.
This report gives insights into the best practices for creating algorithms.
This requirement is out of the scope of the project.
This resource is aimed at advanced students of engineering.
This restaurant has the best hygiene score.
This room was brightly lit; and it had been made ready.
This room, at all events, was not empty.
This rot of being engaged to Gussie.
This scripture text has thirty Verses.
This section is wordy, it needs to be shortened.
This seemed to me absolute gibbering.
This sentence contains abbreviations.
This should whet your appetite.
This soft drink brewery has survived generations.
This sound did not disturb the hush and awe of the place.
This spear is from the bronze age.
This standards institution sets the principles for new technology.
This state of mind comes of an undue prominence of the ego.
This structure has stood for decades.
This style is the last word of fashion.
This supermarket sells shoes, food, nappies, car parts... the works!.
This surprised you, no doubt?
This table is very unstable.
This tacit promise of continued acquaintance gave Saxon a little joy-thrill.
This tactical flashlight is ridiculously overpriced.
This tech has the potential to change lives.
This the Iron Heel foresaw and laid its schemes accordingly.
This time Alice waited patiently until it chose to speak again.
This time he did not yap for mercy.
This time it was a White Knight.
This time she shook the pumpkin.
This time there were two little shrieks, and more sounds of broken glass.
This touched the spot.
This town was designed for a consumerist lifestyle.
This unlikely trio is bucking the trend and making a huge profit.
This uses the Cisc processor architecture.
This uses the Risc processor architecture.
This uses word embeddings.
This was a puzzler.
This was his unvarying reply.
This was my first gain from my illness.
This was not an encouraging opening for a conversation.
This was one way of getting rid of the car.
This was the utmost description Ada could give me.
This was to be the last of the meetings.
This was when the explosion occurred.
This water is not safe for consumption.
This will bring down my weight and my handicap, Bob.
This will plug the leak.
This wire clinches it.
This woman with the red hair — she is in Geneva.
This year he had a good deal against her.
This year's flu vaccine doesn't seem very effective
This young boy is a total genius.
This young woman has been my lodger for some weeks back.
This young woman is honoured with my Lady's notice and favour.
This, of course, was entirely foreign to my policy.
Thor was one of the Norse gods.
Thorpe and his men were to destroy this camp, and kill you.
Those are my oysters, he said at last.
Those aspects were roundly condemned by the critics.
Those deep black eyes!
Those farming techniques are from a bygone era.
Those fellows behind were hefty men on their native heath.
Those gentry left nothing to chance.
Those interests are now paramount in this office.
Those perishers are all down on a poor man.
Those purple socks, for instance.
Those were her words, monsieur.
Those were resounding words.
Those were the words, and the woman was obviously honest.
Those whom the gods wish to destroy, they first make mad.
Those wistful eyes of hers!
Though I forgot how much it was and when it was.
Though her manner varied, however, her determination never did.
Though his services were rendered quite gratuitously.
Though the aurora still flamed, another day had begun.
Thought I, and a worthy fool he proved.
Three oilers and a fourth engineer, was his greeting.
Three or four hours were not a long time after years.
Three sacks below are quite enough for him.
Three times pinched, but never once sentenced under the correct label.
Three unidentified naval vessels are heading for the peninsula.
Three were men and one a woman, and all were oddly dressed.
Three, four, five, guineas, you would consider handsome, I dare say.
Three-D printing is expected to democratize manufacturing.
Through the desert that lay before her, she must go alone.
Through the glass, Gussie was staring down.
Through the skylight? You mean he's sitting on the roof?
Throughout the millenia, humanity has always strived to innovate.
Thus ended Mrs. Dean’s story.
Thus had the raw wilderness prepared him for this day.
Thus he turned the tenets and jargon of psychology back on me.
Thus my conjectures get more and more support.
Thus only could suspicion be averted from herself.
Thus was momentum gained in the Younger World.
Tight controls are in effect to prevent software piracy.
Tim allegedly shocked Finn, Ash is looking into it.
Time and place cannot bind Mr. Bucket.
Time and tide wait for no man.
Time flies.
Time is a great healer.
Time is no object here.
Time to get up! Rise and shine!
Time will be lost, and we have no time to lose.
Timing is essential when telling a good joke.
Tip them the wink, and they’ll take extra precautions.
Tires should have a suitable tread depth for better grip.
To Ada and to me, that above all appeared the pervading influence.
To Kitty, however, it does not seem so wholly unexpected.
To Mr. Ricardo the words were startling.
To Pemberley, therefore, they were to go.
To Ricardo the proceedings seemed singularly irregular.
To advise on patent law, we need the services of an intellectual property specialist
To all who listened, her story carried conviction.
To annoy Gill, you only need to spell her name Jill.
To avoid catastrophe, backup your data.
To avoid getting bitten, please use insect repellent
To be able to see Nobody! And at that distance, too!
To be healthy you should eat five portions of fruit and veg every day
To be honest, I don’t think she has much of a conscience.
To be or not to be
To become better at what you know.
To change gears you need to use the gear-lever
To constrain content piracy, digital rights management technology was introduced.
To dominate the self-driving car revolution.
To find a man agreeable whom one is determined to hate!
To fix a poster to a noticeboard you should use a drawing pin
To fix this problem we'll have to involve the specialists.
To get from London to Bath you need to drive down the motorway
To have his errors made public might ruin him for ever.
To her the bridge was tambo, which is the native for taboo.
To his surprise, her answer was flat and uncompromising.
To inspire, we need to work diligently.
To interrupt it carried a subtle suggestion of anarchy.
To keep 'em safe, sir, don't you see?
To know things otherwise were to be unfashionable.
To make royal icing for a wedding cake you’re going to need icing sugar
To me it was all very natural.
To minimize friction it is better to keep people apprised.
To mitigate disruptions, we ask event organizers to arrive early.
To my dearest and always appreciated friend, I submit myself.
To my knowledge I never heard it.
To my surprise he began to show actual enthusiasm in my favor.
To overcome procrastination, tackle one task at a time.
To post a letter, look for a red postbox or pillar box
To return to the letter.
To save time, use a graph plotting library to visualize data.
To say the least, Captain Cook was a rather thorough going empiricist.
To shine an unflinching light.
To take your bicycle on the train, put it in the guard’s van
To that spot, then, they returned.
To the very last, and even afterwards, her frown remained unsoftened.
To the woman, the whole business was as serious as the most solemn ceremonial.
To these he gave castor oil.
To think of it!
To this discovery succeeded some others equally mortifying.
To this, however, I paid scant attention.
To what degree?
To what end, Thomas?
To what extent would you agree?
To which she replied that the chef wasn't going.
To which your reply will be that there jolly well is.
To whom it may concern.
To whom should I address the letter?
To whom was he speaking?
To you I’ve made myself worse than the devil.
Toast tastes best with butter.
Today, however, they were not playing.
Together they ate the rabbit.
Tom Spink has a harpoon.
Tom resigned, as he wasn't feeling valued at work.
Tom's devoted to me.
Tomato Risotto.
Tomorrow I'm going after that bear, he said.
Tomorrow it will be strong enough for you to stand upon.
Tomorrow or next day it might he gone.
Tonight she must not fail.
Tonight, at all events, he shall sleep.
Tony cried out, looking up for an instant.
Tony ends this with a groan.
Tony shakes his head; I don't know.
Too many holidaymakers can be a nuisance
Too much depended on their success for them to take any risks.
Too much, he told me, with ominous rolling head.
Tortilla chips are tasty.
Toto did not like it.
Touched and gratified.
Tough luck on both of them.
Tour de France revived interest in cycling and healthy living in our community.
Tracey volunteered to manage the young woman.
Traffic lights ensure we avoid crashes at junctions.
Trainers is another word for sneakers
Tramping high and low, are they?
Transcribed from the original.
Transmission Layer Security keeps us safe while browsing the web.
Transportation or the gallows for anybody who touches the property!
Treacle can sometimes be used in cooking as a sweetener
Trial and error. The only way.
True heroes don't profit from the suffering of others.
Trump supporters are screaming that the election was rigged.
Truncate the spaces before and after the text.
Trustees are accountable to stakeholders for their decisions.
Try again: draw a long breath, and shut your eyes.
Try another subtraction sum.
Try googling for more recommendations.
Try some of this salad.
Try some of this salmon.
Try, try, and try again.
Tudor surveyed him with withering disgust.
Tuesday dawned bright and sunny, but by lunchtime it had started to rain
Tuna is expensive.
Tuna tastes great with bread.
Tuppy and Angela are once more betrothed.
Tuppy seemed perturbed.
Tuppy was standing in the hall.
Tuppy was walking up and down the path, all by himself.
Turn off the lights.
Turn that Dormouse out of court!
Turn the dial down will you?
Turn the volume up to eleven.
Turn up the bass.
Turned you down?
Turning towards the door, he now caught sight of us.
Tutankhamen was an Egyptian pharaoh.
Tweedledee began instantly.
Tweedledum looked round him with a satisfied smile.
Twenty ways with a kumquat.
Twice I lost my way, and I had some nasty falls into peat-bogs.
Twice has she condescended to give me her opinion unasked too!
Twilight makes you feel sad.
Twitter users can be extraordinarily sexist
Two days ago Jeanne learned where her father's men were hiding.
Two fifty would be bad enough, but better than that.
Two gigantic owls were tearing at the carcass.
Two major companies made an alliance to compliment each other's limitations.
Two minds with but a single thought.
Two of the Folk were already up.
Two plump thrushes had blundered into it.
Two subjects I forbid — must forbid.
Two weeks passed, and in that time Thorpe left camp three times.
Two years ago I gave up civilization for this.
Typhoid -- did I tell you.
Um... sure, she said, lying.
Unbridled data sharing is not beneficial to the user.
Uncle Henry never laughed.
Uncle Tom did it, if you remember.
Uncle Tom grunted approvingly.
Uncle Tom said we must get in through a window.
Unconsciously, our yells and exclamations yielded to this rhythm.
Unconstrained parameterization can intransitively affect proper backfitting.
Under spirit-control no one is clever.
Under these circumstances it's understandable.
Understand this in the first place.
Unemployment can be reduced by creating an environment for businesses to thrive.
Unethical companies take an exploitative approach to hiring people to keep wages low.
Unethical data practices will damage user trust.
Unfortunately he is no snuff-taker.
Unfortunately, her cancer relapsed after twenty years.
Universal basic income sounds good.
Unless pie-eyed, you cannot hope to grip.
Unlike Joshua, he stood in no need of divine assistance.
Unlike most websites, we're not forcing people to subscribe to our newsletters.
Unslinging his gun, he restrained himself from his Sunday occupations no longer.
Until I die, he exclaimed.
Until the Day of Judgment.
Unto us a boy is born.
Untreated sewage would pollute the rivers.
Up and down he went, back and forth — zig-zagging, twisting, doubling and turning.
Up to the time she went to Cannes Angela loved me.
Upon take-off, the plane begins its elegant ascent.
Upon that point the doctor is quite, quite certain.
Upon that, my godmother said, "You may go upstairs, Esther!"
Upon the dark lake the reflections of lamps rippled and shook.
Upon the floor there was some dark mould.
Upon the whole, very proper.
Upon their faces was reflected now the stupefaction of the man.
Upon this dressing-table there was a small pot of cold cream.
Upon this signal, the youngest of her daughters put herself forward.
Upset is right.
Upside down apple cake.
Uptime indicates this computer has never been restarted.
Upvote the comment if you like it, or downvote it if you disagree.
Use a flannel to wash your face, not a towel
Use butter moderately.
Use glitter that naturally breaks down.
Use the snowball method to become free of debt sooner.
Use this cream sparingly.
Used, then, by whom?
User authentication is required.
Users must authenticate credentials first.
Using contextual analysis, machine learning algorithms can make predictions that make sense.
Using decomposition we can find the final value.
Utterly confounded, Mr. George stands looking at the knocker.
Vaccines give protection from previously common viruses like Polio.
Vaccines have nearly eradicated Polio occurrences.
Vain, ignorant, idle, and absolutely uncontrolled!
Vainly she cried to herself, "I must not fail tonight."
Valentine's Day is on February fourteenth, but I don't have a valentine.
Vanessa postponed taking her children to the doctor.
Vanilla cupcakes forever.
Vastly different was the Gussie who stood before me now.
Vegetable produce is a vital export for many countries.
Vertebrate populations are critically dependent upon insect numbers.
Very absurd, to be a little rambling, is it not?
Very apt, sir.
Very early in my life, I separated from my mother.
Very experienced physicians are debating the best solution.
Very few people knew of the existence of this law.
Very happy to have the honour!
Very kind indeed.
Very likely her eyes were growing used to the darkness.
Very mortifying, is it not?
Very nonsensical to come at all!
Very pleasant, thank you, Jeeves.
Very proud to have the honour!
Very slowly and cautiously he opened the door.
Very soon afterwards we stopped.
Very vividly, sir.
Very well expressed and all that.
Very well, then, Jeeves.
Very well, then.
Very well, will that be all?
Very, very kind.
Vicky is a Christian.
Vicky is very knowledgeable on the politics of migration.
Victims have been made to feel marginalised.
Viewpoints surrounding this issue have been contested for generations.
Violation of this law was made a high misdemeanor and punished accordingly.
Violent life and athletic sports had never appealed to me.
Vitriol has no place in this forum.
Voice first technology is a user experience designed to work with only speech.
Voice recognition should work for people who speak with a lisp.
Voice systems need to be more forgiving of people who cannot speak clearly.
Volunteer Medical workers save many lives by giving vulnerable people health-care access
Volunteers are the backbone of non-governmental humanitarian aid organizations.
Wada and Nakata were in a bit of a funk.
Wada, Louis, and the steward are servants of Asiatic breed.
Wait a second.
Wait one half-moment.
Wait yet a little. I am not finished.
Waiter, could I have the bill please?
Waiting on everybody.
Waitrose has run out of aubergines
Wakey, wakey! Rise and shine!
Walks by night, does she?
Warm Croissant tastes better.
Warning! Obstruction ahead.
Was any one inside the car?
Was any petrol taken?
Was he to have the answer now?
Was it a five-pound note?
Was it not you who threw away that orange juice?
Was it the Red King, Kitty? Which do you think it was?
Was it the rendezvous of those who were striving to work his ruin.
Was not this some excuse for incivility, if I was uncivil?
Was she alone in the room?
Was she in a shop?
Was that a hand which touched me?
Was that a passenger train or a goods train?
Was the murder committed during the interval when she was upstairs?
Was the salon dark when she came down again?
Was there ever a room better tended?
Was there much more of it after I went?
Was there something you wanted to see me about?
Was this room empty, too?
Was you ever modelled now?
Was your father in the same way of life as yourself?
Wash it out altogether.
Wash your hands of me.
Washing machines are pervasive in the developed world.
Wassail, wassail all over the town.
Waste disposal workers help keep our communities clean.
Watching plants grow over time, is a satisfying experience.
Water had made the book crumpled and unreadable.
Water scarcity has troubled the region.
Water tastes different regionally.
Wave-particle duality.
Way to go little buddy!.
We Scripture-knowledge sharks stick together.
We Woosters can bite the bullet.
We advise you to save money regularly for a rainy day.
We agreed to a deal of fifty thousand pounds for the house.
We aim to accommodate reasonable requests.
We aim to please
We all can contribute to humanitarian causes for the common good.
We all drew nearer to the cages, feigning to examine the birds.
We all have the power to help at least one person.
We all have the power to help one person.
We all knew that would be an environmental catastrophe.
We all strive to seek fulfilment in our lives.
We all thought it was hilarious.
We already drove past the rural areas.
We always try to take our customers’ likes and dislikes into account.
We anticipate it will snow tomorrow and advise students to stay at home.
We appreciate your cooperation Mr Doe.
We are a homogeneous community.
We are a subsidiary of this parent company.
We are able to adapt to changes.
We are activating your subscription.
We are all of us a little low sometimes.
We are allowed to speak our views.
We are altogether wrong.
We are anticipating over five hundred guests will arrive so require a suitable hall.
We are assessing the impact of Brexit on our business model.
We are both children together.
We are breaking down barriers.
We are captivated by another persons imagination and storytelling skills.
We are caught up in our lives while growing older.
We are change makers working hard to make the world better for everyone.
We are coming to the pot of cream.
We are consumed in our own flesh-pots.
We are continuously looking for hard-working professionals.
We are cooking on the coal stove and on the oil burners.
We are deeply regretful about this.
We are determining who we should take on.
We are doing too little to save the planet.
We are enhancing the black and white photo.
We are facilitating people with mobility issues easy access in our facility.
We are facing new frontiers.
We are fortunate we don't need to do backbreaking work.
We are fueling the factory using only geothermal and hydro-electric energy.
We are giving them no rest.
We are going green and cutting our carbon emissions.
We are going to discuss with Pierre on Monday.
We are going to go bigger and better or go home.
We are hailing the starship but it will not respond.
We are happily married.
We are hoping to meet up with Margaret and Steve in a fortnight's time.
We are in the Milky Way Galaxy.
We are looking for a house with some character.
We are looking for donations to cover the architect’s fees.
We are looking for efficiencies in the engine design.
We are looking for people with innovative ideas.
We are making breakthroughs.
We are never to get out of Chancery!
We are not as mercenary as that, sir.
We are not in a flourishing state of circumstances here, sir.
We are not related by blood, but he is like a brother.
We are not so dissimilar to one another.
We are now headquartered in the Republic of Ireland.
We are on the cusp of a big breakthrough.
We are only servants.
We are plagued by daily errors.
We are really spinning along.
We are redefining the industry.
We are responsible for the welfare of our children.
We are restoring it to its former glory.
We are running a diagnostic on the engine control unit.
We are scaling up our workforce.
We are seeing the miniaturization of many technologies.
We are still in the nascent phase of implementation.
We are tackling these challenges on several fronts.
We are taught the periodic table in high school.
We are the proud parents of three children.
We are to meet as usual?
We are travelling at fifteen knots.
We are very much obliged to you!
We are working on breaking the cycle of poverty.
We arrived at his house on a Saturday.
We asked him if he knew what was doing in it.
We asked if that were a friend of Richard's.
We asked the passer-by to capture some photos for us.
We attended a seminar on the summative assessment of practical science.
We become wiser with age.
We began saving up for our first home.
We belong to this country alone, and cannot leave it.
We booked a room with Airbnb.
We both grub on in a muddle.
We bring disparate pieces of information to your fingertips.
We broke up for the holidays last week
We built the system overnight at the Hackathon.
We can all learn to coexist with each other.
We can all plague and punish one another.
We can amuse ourselves with your rigmaroles afterwards.
We can avoid confirmation bias by broadening our perspectives.
We can avoid the deterioration of health by looking after our bodies.
We can certify that the system meets all the required standards.
We can compile a list of the cheapest items you are looking for.
We can create a Utopian future.
We can create sustained benefit.
We can do without lobsters, you know.
We can email them to you daily.
We can experience richer lives in old age by looking after our body.
We can get close to it.
We can hardly hear ourselves talk.
We can lower carbon emissions by making manufacturing less dependent on fossil fuels.
We can lower emissions by using less and wasting less.
We can make rare things abundant by lowering the costs to produce them.
We can make resource scarcity disappear using technology.
We can market products relevant to customers.
We can now predict if someone will get Cancer.
We can only see what we think is possible.
We can polish your car for ten pounds.
We can predict the future, using data from the past.
We can still be friends.
We can tailor it to your needs.
We can tie the components together holistically at the end.
We can't afford these systemic errors.
We can't come back and search for a little while.
We can't cook anything whatever.
We can't pretend it never happened.
We can't undo our mistakes.
We cannot absolve ourselves if algorithms make mistakes.
We cannot be seen from the hotel.
We cannot blame algorithms for failures.
We can’t fit much more shopping in that trolley
We caught an eel and let it go again.
We charge a call out fee of five dollars.
We collected fifteen bags of rubbish from the beach.
We combined our incomes to put down a deposit for the mortgage.
We convened at one pm.
We could be liable.
We could conceivably live in this type of house.
We could not agree on the colour of our carpets.
We could throw stones with our feet.
We designed it to be fool-proof.
We detected an abnormal heart rhythm.
We detected anomalies in the network traffic.
We did an end-to-end validation test.
We did stress testing for five days straight.
We did, little swine that we were.
We do not charge a fee to transact on our platform.
We do not get a commission for sales, we're just here to help.
We do not have any appointments listed under your name.
We do not infringe on copyrights.
We do not need to suffer depression alone, talk to someone.
We do not suffer by accident.
We don't need to go into granular details like that.
We don't pretend to do it.
We don't see ourselves as foolish.
We don't want our mum's condition to deteriorate.
We don't want people trying to game the system.
We drove along the winding road.
We drove to a quaint village.
We entreated Mrs. Badger not to mention it.
We expect libraries to be properly resourced and staffed by dedicated professionals.
We felt that he must be very interesting.
We fished sharks on Niihau together.
We flatter ourselves if we think we understand relativity.
We fostered a baby boy.
We found a suede sofa on sale.
We found five new vulnerabilities in the span of eight days.
We found that the postman was rather wary of our labrador
We give employees the flexibility to choose their projects.
We go to the theatre and the opera for our fix of culture
We go together, then.
We got few vegetables and fruits, and became fish eaters.
We had a fantastic weekend in Berlin.
We had a period of instability but we're doing ok now.
We had a visitor next day.
We had already left for the station.
We had an intermittent blackout of electricity, but it's working now.
We had arrived at the main entrance of Market Snodsbury Grammar School.
We had been chased by them ourselves, more than once.
We had better not mention it.
We had good times.
We had it for lunch today.
We had no downtime this year. It's an achievement to celebrate.
We had other visitors besides Ada.
We had our little festivities on those occasions and exchanged social ideas.
We had our work experience session at the local chambers of commerce.
We had stopped, and the waggon had stopped too.
We had to cross by ferry to Greece.
We had to find out the number.
We had to find some way of narrowing the possibilities.
We hadn't, ourselves, considered that.
We have a commitment to delivering on time.
We have a commitment to renewable sources.
We have a harmonious relationship with our neighbours.
We have a limited budget and need to complete this frugally.
We have a meeting in the boardroom.
We have a very committed licensee in Singapore.
We have all been mistaken over and over again.
We have all denominations of currency.
We have already had conversations over Slack chat.
We have also optimised our supply chain.
We have arranged an inter-branch transfer of stock.
We have astonished them already.
We have been gifted with many bounties in our life.
We have been married above two months.
We have been mentioning Mrs. Jellyby.
We have been through ten iterations, this time it will work!.
We have been waiting for you, Celia.
We have bikes for all ages and sizes.
We have called him in to discuss his intentions.
We have come out of a recession.
We have decided to move to another outlet.
We have detected some abnormalities.
We have diagnosed cysts under the skin.
We have dined nine times at Rosings, besides drinking tea there twice!
We have experience in system-on-chip manufacturing.
We have far too many meetings
We have five distribution centres.
We have found an anomaly in the earth's crust.
We have gone into them, and he has not.
We have identified a defect in the lighting system.
We have installed car barriers outside the office.
We have insufficient data.
We have large vans available for hire.
We have lived plainly enough here, Phil and I.
We have made innovations in the industry.
We have never been readers in our family.
We have not much to go upon.
We have one yottabyte of data.
We have only processed a fraction of the dataset.
We have plenty of capital ourselves, and yet we want more.
We have prepared a room for you in the guest house.
We have searched the room.
We have seen an explosion of exponential growth in data.
We have some, no doubt, in the house.
We have suffered grievously in recent years from chronic underfunding.
We have suffered under the misfortune of austerity.
We have the role of being the caretakers of this planet.
We have three boxes of noodles remaining.
We have to arrive at a solution via an interactive process.
We have to be quick.
We have to stay ahead of the curve.
We have uploaded the new version to the Dev server.
We have weak armor and we're severely outnumbered.
We hired a contractor the plaster the passageway and loft.
We hired a personal tour guide on our trip to Istanbul.
We hired former silicon roundabout employees.
We host our data on-premise for independence from third-party decisions.
We hurried back to the town and sent a wire to MacGillivray.
We in France know something of the breed.
We initiated a data cleanup which will take several hours.
We know all that there is to be known.
We know nothing of him.
We know now how he did it.
We know something now.
We leave in two days.
We leave the eventuality to time and law.
We left him at a milestone.
We live in an interconnected society.
We live individualized lives.
We locked horns but worked it out in the end.
We looked at each other, awed.
We made incremental changes to the website, rather than one large update.
We made inquiries about you, Mr Hannay, and found you were respectable.
We made several assumptions while building the algorithm.
We mainly use Python and Tensorflow on our startup.
We may assume, then, that Celia was changing her dress at that time.
We may come with you?
We may need all our strength tomorrow.
We may need your help after all.
We met a group of Glaswegians on holiday.
We must achieve our own salvation.
We must act.
We must advertise it.
We must all agree in that.
We must anaesthetize the skin first.
We must be cautious while crossing a busy junction.
We must decide upon a day.
We must design systems so they will benefit everyone
We must engage a good one for you.
We must establish a connection to the network.
We must give ourselves and not our money alone.
We must go first to his office.
We must just amuse ourselves till he comes back.
We must make sure no one is left behind in the tech revolution.
We must not be so ready to fancy ourselves intentionally injured.
We must prevent bad actors from stealing visitors data.
We must resist the temptation to waste time and energy.
We must save the unfortunate blighter, Jeeves.
We must spare nothing that will restore her.
We must take care of our dear Caroline, Miss Summerson.
We must talk about it!
We must treat people humanely.
We must trust to you and time to set him right.
We mustn't forget to pack a flannel.
We need better ways of averting cancer.
We need her more than ever
We need more empathy between patients and doctors.
We need more funding if we're going to finish the project.
We need people to put more effort into spreading happiness.
We need reproducible research.
We need to accelerate our digital transformation.
We need to adequately plan before starting development.
We need to admit her to the hospital.
We need to analyse the situation before taking action.
We need to avoid burnout and attrition.
We need to avoid false positives in medical diagnoses.
We need to avoid misdiagnoses.
We need to calibrate the laser before you can continue measuring the building.
We need to change the terms of the contract, or to cancel it
We need to check the stock, and make sure that we have enough inventory
We need to conserve water until the water supply is restored again.
We need to correlate the data and understand what is happening.
We need to cover a broader range of topics for dealing with homelessness.
We need to create a circular economy.
We need to cultivate business leaders in our community from a young age.
We need to decrease our spending during this time of inflation.
We need to defer some tasks to meet our deadlines.
We need to deliberate over this matter.
We need to discuss your experimentation.
We need to double-down on recruiting more people from diverse backgrounds.
We need to examine our assumptions.
We need to get the bottom of this
We need to look further forward than the near-term goals
We need to make an adjustment to the wheel alignment of your car.
We need to make sure this doesn't happen again.
We need to map the topology of these networks.
We need to move to a safer place than here.
We need to probe the system for the cause of the failure.
We need to replace defective tiles, and possibly timbers.
We need to seek Amy.
We need to seek a balanced investment by spreading the risk.
We need to seek a broad-based consensus.
We need to seek counsel before going ahead with the sale.
We need to segregate the cats from the dogs.
We need to stop recyclable waste ending up in a landfill.
We need to take a holistic approach.
We need to take an interdisciplinary approach.
We need to work on that in parallel.
We never have a servant who doesn't drink.
We never have tunes here.
We never know what time it is, and we never care.
We never made another migration.
We normally ride out at the crack of dawn.
We now come to the point.
We offer flexible repayment options.
We only have a handful left.
We only sell organic food.
We ought to be able to persuade Matthew and Robbie to help.
We ought to have patience, all of us.
We parked by the seashore.
We parked the boat near the docks.
We passed just one man.
We perform more and more interactions online.
We perspire when we feel too hot.
We plan to go to Tokyo again.
We played hide and go seek.
We played outside.
We plough the fields and scatter.
We practice evidence-based medicine.
We pride ourselves on our integrity to deliver reliable products.
We provide a premier service.
We reach the garden in our launch.
We reached an amicable settlement.
We reached an inflexion point.
We read of it with the greatest interest.
We received a letter discerning the unpaid balance.
We received a letter regarding the unpaid balance.
We recovered from the brink of a financial crisis.
We reduced the number of errors by sixty percent.
We regularly see advertisements while browsing online.
We requested the marketing agency sign a non-disclosure agreement before continuing.
We require a business requirements document from yourselves before we can start.
We rode dune buggies over the dune sands of Dubai.
We said yes, as she seemed to expect us to say so.
We saw your light, and thought you wouldn't mind a call.
We see convergences of different technologies.
We see the best in humanity when we help each other.
We seem to be lacking alcohol.
We segmented the mammoth task.
We sell an assortment of screws.
We sent a batch of wedding invitations this morning.
We set up a canopy in the back garden.
We shall all three dine together early in town, and return here.
We shall be in time.
We shall do it in time.
We shall get on famously.
We shall have him.
We shall make good our title.
We shall meet no more.
We shall return home this day week.
We shall use the recess.
We shook hands and struck up a sort of friendship.
We should be able to get some posts from the timber merchant
We should be on line to hit or even exceed our quarterly targets.
We should be outraged by the chronic underfunding of our social services.
We should find another dataset instead of only using mnist.
We should meet again in about a fortnight
We should never have gone down that road.
We should not be basing all of our work on a flawed idea.
We should not jump to conclusions until they have had the opportunity to speak.
We should not take for granted how fortunate we have been.
We should speak to the undertaker before booking the funeral service
We shouldn't squander money just because it isn't ours.
We simply can't justify the expense.
We spent a few hours just mooching around.
We spent an appropriate amount of time preparing the base of the cake.
We spent the weekend tidying and all things in-between.
We spoke often.
We start from that.
We start with this.
We stopped at the crossroads, uncertain which way to turn
We support contactless payment methods.
We take things for granted while living in abundance.
We tapped at the door and went in.
We then went to her room and discovered her diamonds and her ornaments.
We think that ours is the better view.
We thought it a pity he should go away.
We thought we'd lost you, Jo!
We threaten to be of the one mind before the voyage is completed.
We three Kings of Orient are.
We took a shortcut down the alleyway, but it took longer.
We try not to be too prescriptive with our developers.
We use a distributed backup system.
We use a hybrid digital fabrication process.
We use an agile development approach.
We use an agile work-flow for delivering projects.
We use content delivery networks to reduce latency times around the world.
We use old incandescent light bulbs.
We use the metric system for measurements.
We used a blend of aromatic spices.
We used the imperial measuring system.
We used to have an employee identification number, it's not needed now.
We value your custom.
We visited a beautiful teashop in the Cathedral close.
We visited a nice cosy pub in the New Forest.
We visited the cemetery.
We waited for sunset and watched it descend.
We want more painstaking and search-making into this murder.
We want to include all of our partners in this project.
We want to reduce exclusion and promote inclusion.
We want you to be part of this community.
We wanted to foster children.
We welcome entrepreneurs and investors.
We went from analogue to digital in a short timespan.
We went on holiday in August with our in-laws.
We went out one morning and were married.
We went to the local takeaway for a curry last night
We were all startled by the fervour of this warning.
We were awake from dusk till dawn.
We were connected at once, and I heard a servant’s voice.
We were flooded with calls.
We were gifted a painted canvas for our wedding.
We were lost, so Nate asked for directions.
We were now good friends.
We were overreaching and struggled to deliver.
We were right, I needn't tell the present hearers.
We were soon equipped and went out.
We were taught to solder at secondary school.
We were to stay with them for a month.
We were twelve boarders, and there were two girls, twins.
We who have endured so much surely can endure a little more.
We who were left walked on towards the house.
We will analyze the data and get back to you.
We will arrange the room, dear, while Helene helps you to dress.
We will assess the risk of flooding in your area.
We will be checking papers for plagiarism.
We will be doing our critical appraisals this afternoon.
We will be going on a trip to the lake district.
We will be recruiting a scrum master.
We will be together forever.
We will come back to you in due course.
We will continue to pursue the criminal until he is apprehended.
We will convene again following lunch.
We will decentralize the server and use a content delivery network instead.
We will design tech so the winners are not concentrated to the few.
We will dine, then.
We will do an audit of expenses next week.
We will endeavour to answer your call within thirty seconds.
We will erase customer data if requested.
We will face the challenges head-on.
We will focus on this niche market.
We will go down to the Villa Rose.
We will go now, and we will take this letter with us.
We will have the car brought out.
We will have to agree to disagree
We will hear about them.
We will infuse the taste of Moroccan and Indian food.
We will leave in twenty minutes.
We will make a formal application for the prisoners.
We will name the ship Aegis.
We will not keep you here.
We will not take up her early history.
We will reconvene at the nearest opportunity.
We will see a period of deflation.
We will see how it plays out.
We will send for a cab.
We will take an aptitude test in the afternoon.
We will test a random set of records.
We will triumph.
We woke at dusk.
We won!
We won't refer to that ever again.
We work hard to always be on the cutting edge of techniques.
We work hard, so our children don't have to.
We would appreciate an appropriate donation
We would appreciate if you contribute feedback at the end of your stay.
We would like to make it up to you.
We would not spend another such night.
We wouldn't be where we are today without the hard work of our ancestors.
We wouldn't have a fellow like that at Eton.
We'd better put them on notice
We'll have to see about that.
We'll have to walk faster if we are to get there in time.
We'll have to watch our chances.
We'll let in the full light.
We'll need to push our way through this thicket.
We're all a little bit dorky at home.
We're at an inflexion point where machine learning is accessible to anyone.
We're at the cutting edge of the industry.
We're busy growing up and forget our parents are also growing old.
We're developing a high bandwidth connection.
We're flying over Iceland next.
We're getting the band back together lads!.
We're going bowling this evening, do you want to join us?
We're going on a field trip to the local art museum.
We're going on holiday in our caravan next month
We're going to Paris for our honeymoon.
We're going to need a shopping trolley for all this shopping
We're going to table this for next week.
We're going to take a more hands-off approach and give you more freedom.
We're going to the seaside for the May bank holiday
We're going to use crowdsourced talent to design these free prosthetics.
We're having a youth nerf war this Saturday.
We're hoping to meet up with them sometime next week.
We're late! According to the timetable, the lecture started at nine o'clock
We're losing light, we'll deal with it later.
We're monitoring the attack closely.
We're not capturing any data from users.
We're out here till breakfast-time.
We're out of sellotape.
We're setting up a shop in Brisbane.
We're spending the evening at the lodge.
We're taking a bottom-up approach of teaching kids how to bake.
We're too far inland to see any seagulls yet.
We're working on solutions to factors contributing to poverty.
We've been happily married for fifty years.
We've bust up.
We've discussed these problems several times previously
We, the police, find the jewels and take charge of them.
Wealth only lasts so long.
Wealthy people often dispute over inheritance.
Wearing the mask, no doubt.
Wearing, I assure you, to the bone!
Websites must respect the privacy of its users.
Websites should be designed to support a voice first user experience.
Websites should enable encryption to prevent malicious attackers.
Weigh the facts.
Welcome to my house.
Welcome to our introduction to philosophy.
Welcome to our research Laboratory.
Welcome to the dream realm.
Welcome, dear friends.
Well enough to know what his intentions were?
Well, Colonel Fitzwilliam, what do I play next?
Well, I am afraid I am not.
Well, I hope you will all have a good time.
Well, I made nothing of it.
Well, I mean to say, of course she couldn't.
Well, I mean!
Well, I shouldn’t mind that much!
Well, I thought I could.
Well, I wasn't going to, of course.
Well, I'll be plumb gosh darned.
Well, I've been doing that, all right.
Well, Jeeves got off a good one the other day.
Well, after that it's easy.
Well, all right, no need to get excited about it.
Well, all right. If we must stay out here, we must.
Well, as I say, Jeeves is off the case.
Well, come, then.
Well, dearest woman, we must look forbearingly on it.
Well, did they eat.
Well, every little helps.
Well, gentlemen, I can’t think of anywhere else.
Well, give me the blasted machine.
Well, here I am.
Well, how about it?
Well, how pleased I am!
Well, if it was good enough for Chaucer.
Well, it doesn't matter, anyway.
Well, it is a curious coincidence.
Well, it is true; I must have money.
Well, it needed but this.
Well, it was, of course.
Well, it's a good gag.
Well, it's a pretty anecdote.
Well, it's no business of yours.
Well, look about you.
Well, much good may it do them!
Well, one has to be civil.
Well, one morning I had good sport, and the mare was unaccountably restless.
Well, right-ho, of course, but I think you ought to have.
Well, she has nothing but the diamond earrings.
Well, she was never gratified.
Well, simply ask him for the money to pay the printers.
Well, spit it out!
Well, that was something, of course.
Well, that's a bit random!.
Well, that's fine.
Well, that's what happened to this aching heart.
Well, then, follow this train of reasoning, my friend!
Well, then, let us see.
Well, then, let's just try to envisage.
Well, then, that was what I was saying.
Well, then, what can be done? enquired the Woodman.
Well, then, ‘mimsy’ is ‘flimsy and miserable’ - there’s another portmanteau for you.
Well, there are better men in Hawaii, that's all.
Well, there is a reason.
Well, there is one who won’t shrink from my company!
Well, there must be nothing of that.
Well, there you have the explanation.
Well, they use it to build a detailed profile on each individual user.
Well, this finishes it.
Well, this isn't Cannes.
Well, this turn goes to the hill, I suppose—no, it doesn’t!
Well, we won't go into the ethics of the thing.
Well, well, I only hope it will last.
Well, well, well!
Well, we’ll go into the matter at our leisure.
Well, what are boils?
Well, what does it matter?
Well, what have I done?
Well, what's to be done?
Well, you do surprise me!
Well, you’ll be my chauffeur today and wear Hudson’s rig.
Were any civilians caught in the mix?
Were the whole arrangement complete, my disappointment would be certain.
Were these two papers written by the same hand?
Were those her words?
Were you able to negotiate a reduced price?
Were you examined at an inquest?
Were you happy in prison, dear child?
Were you wise to come here and interfere?
Were your theatre tickets for the stalls, dress circle or balcony?
Wethermill leaned forward and shook his head with a smile.
We’re all out of gin: send help!
What I believe is called a frisson shook him.
What I have to say may wound you.
What I have to say relates to poor Lydia.
What I have, I possess; what I hold, I own.
What I saw I could not at first believe.
What I want is that he should take charge of the case.
What Pascal glimpsed with the vision of a seer, I have lived.
What a beautiful world this is, Bertie.
What a busy little brain it is.
What a contrast between him and his friend!
What a devastating indictment.
What a fabulous suggestion!
What a fascinating child it is!
What a fate there seems in all this!
What a fatuous suggestion!
What a fine thing for our girls!
What a good thing it would be to know that too!
What a great age, Charley!
What a great pic!
What a load off my mind!
What a man!
What a piece of irony!
What a story to tell at the club.
What a strange mauve colour!
What a stroke was this for poor Jane!
What a tragedy misunderstandings are.
What a very nice backyard, ma'am!
What about those rings you told me of?
What actually happened in the salon?
What advantage can it be for you to offend Mr. Darcy?
What an agreeable man Sir William is, Mr. Bingley, is not he?
What an ass I made of myself!
What an excited whispering and conferring took place.
What appears to be the problem, Jennifer?
What are Smart Cities?
What are the associated costs of having a new boiler fitted?
What are the best initiatives to tackle homelessness?
What are the blockers of this project?
What are the challenges in tackling homelessness?
What are the characteristics of Diabetes?
What are the characteristics of a trustworthy salesman?
What are the colours of the rainbow spectrum?
What are the criteria of attaining an A-grade?
What are the dimensions of your parcel?
What are the essentials of cooking a stew?
What are the exceptions to this rule?
What are the externalities associated with setting up a business?
What are the hidden costs of buying a house?
What are the identifying features of a herring gull?
What are the implications of ending my mortgage contract early?
What are the interdependencies of the application?
What are the judging criteria for the contest?
What are the most contentious issues you are facing?
What are the names of the known constellations?
What are the plans they have made?
What are the preconditions of diabetes?
What are the pros and cons?
What are we going to do after dinner?
What are you going to do once you're qualified?
What are you listening to?
What are you telling Miss Bennet?
What are you up to at the moment?
What are you?’ said the Pigeon.
What are young men to rocks and mountains?
What are your commands? enquired the King of the Monkeys, bowing low.
What are your expectancies if this project is successful?
What are your expectations?
What are your interests?
What are your recommendations?
What aspect of the film moved you emotionally?
What astonishes me is that anyone can do it.
What became of my theory then?
What brand of toilet paper do you use?
What can I do about my headache?
What can I do for you, my child?
What can the world do to leave a smaller carbon footprint?
What can we do to make it up to you?
What can we do to set this right?
What can we do, then?
What can you anticipate when they're so handsome as that?
What category of clothing do goggles fall into?
What changes, Esther, even in my small world!
What colour is your parachute?
What colour, and what texture!
What compels people to do such things?
What condiments would you like with your meal?
What congratulations will then flow in!
What could I ever do but thank him!
What could be better than a nice cup of tea?
What could be more natural than his asking you again?
What could be the meaning of it?
What could have caused it?
What could have divided you?
What could he mean?
What could she mean by it?
What damn silliness!
What did I do to her?
What did Scudder mean by steps?
What did actually happen in the salon?
What did he do it for?
What did it ask you?’
What did the people think would emerge from those caves?
What did the torn-up scrap of writing mean?
What did they all want of her?
What did you do with the key on Tuesday?
What did you get in your pay packet this month?
What did you have?
What did you say? I said 'Tut!'
What did you think of the curried parsnip soup?
What did you want her for?
What do I do when I get there?
What do kangaroos like to eat?
What do the aesthetics look like?
What do they use it for?
What do you call a country's total annual output?
What do you do for recreation?
What do you do on an ordinary day?
What do you do to let your hair down?
What do you make of that, Phil?
What do you mean by coming here and frightening my cow?
What do you mean by this outrageous conduct.
What do you mean by “If you really are a Queen”?
What do you mean, 'home truths'?
What do you mean, Mr. Bennet, in talking this way?
What do you mean, your efforts?
What do you say now?
What do you say to this, Bucket?
What do you say when you're distributing prizes?
What do you say, Harold?
What do you suggest, then?
What do you suppose is the use of child without any meaning?
What do you think has happened this morning?
What do you think of beetroot?
What do you think of my dreadlocks?
What do you think of this Tune?
What do you think will be best, Miss Summerson?
What do you think you're made up as?
What do you think, you two?
What do you want, sir?
What do you wish me not to have?
What does Quantum entanglement mean?
What does a city need to do to be classed as a Smart City?
What does a diode do in a circuit?
What does a transistor do?
What does anything matter now?
What does he do anything for?
What does he do?
What does he want of her?
What does it call itself, I wonder?
What does it matter to me?
What does it mean to be self-aware?
What does ownership mean in the digital age?
What does that entail?
What does the exponential equation result in?
What does the horrible creature mean?
What does your daily routine look like?
What does your day look like?
What does your diet consist of?
What dreadful things happened?
What else is politics?
What fabric is this made from?
What flavour ice cream would you like?
What flavour of yoghurt do you want from the supermarket?
What frequencies would you like to receive updates?
What frequency is the radio channel on?
What gave you that impression, dear?
What genre is it?
What good does it do?
What good event venues are nearby?
What guidelines will help in building cheaper, affordable houses?
What had first directed his thoughts to that seemingly heart-broken man?
What happened this afternoon has killed my love.
What happened to you?
What happens if you swipe left?
What has been happening here since I left?
What has been the matter?
What has sunk, cannot sink.
What has this to do with me?
What have we become?
What have you been doing here?
What have you been pouring out of window?
What have you got to say for yourself?
What have you got to say next?
What heuristics are being used?
What ho, Angela, old girl.
What if Jeanne failed him.
What if she did not come to the rock.
What if there was a mechanical way to absorb harmful pollution from the atmosphere?
What if they were playing Peter’s game?
What if we all joined forces?
What is a cyborg?
What is a meritocracy?
What is a strong determinant that a subscriber will cancel their Gym membership?
What is cognition?
What is cognitive intelligence?
What is consciousness?
What is emotional intelligence?
What is he to do?
What is homeopathic medicine?
What is it about?
What is it like to be a passenger in an autonomous car?
What is it that I naturally turn my thoughts to?
What is it that I tell you?
What is it you are talking of?
What is it? asked the Lion.
What is on your bucket list for when you are seventy years old?
What is social intelligence?
What is the age of this castle?
What is the best route to my destination?
What is the best way to analyze this data?
What is the best way to get rid of head lice?
What is the best way to incorporate algorithms in our legacy system?
What is the best way to initiate a conversation with a client?
What is the best way to secure my account?
What is the circumference of this circle?
What is the classification of a Tarantula?
What is the common denominator between these two variables?
What is the correct pronunciation of this word?
What is the default way of doing things?
What is the definition of demographics?
What is the difference between a gorilla and an ape?
What is the dimension of this object?
What is the effective date of the contract agreement?
What is the emission rating of this sports utility vehicle?
What is the engagement rate of this social media post?
What is the etiquette of greeting a person in your country?
What is the height, length and width of the container?
What is the heuristic being used?
What is the intention of this fool's play?
What is the internet of things?
What is the longitude and latitude location of Antarctica highest peak?
What is the maximum capacity of this elevator?
What is the meaning of life?
What is the name of the funny bone?
What is the rating of that movie?
What is the shape input?
What is the square root of twenty-five?
What is to be done with him?
What is to become of us?
What is your delivery address?
What is your desired difficulty level?
What is your favorite activity with your friends?
What is your favorite drama?
What is your favorite quote?
What is your gender?
What is your level of proficiency in Spanish?
What is your opinion?
What is your opinion? 'That it ought not to be attempted'.
What is your part code?
What is your progress?
What is your recipe?
What is your schedule looking like?
What is your stance on this?
What is your trouble? asked the Lion, quietly.
What kind of a story was I to tell about Scudder?
What kind of herb this is?
What kind of jobs are not suitable for automation?
What kind of jobs will people do in a world run by machines?
What kind of steps do you mean, sir?
What makes you sure?
What money has she got?
What more can we do?
What more the letter told me needs not to be repeated here.
What movie do you recommend?
What number is this?
What on earth does a chauffeur want to dance for?
What part of the United States is your home.
What power this woman has to keep these raging passions down!
What practices contribute to responsible technology?
What praise is more valuable than the praise of an intelligent servant?
What rating would you give this food?
What restaurants are in this area?
What restaurants are nearby?
What right have you to call yourself so?
What road is it which comes out at that corner?
What say you, Mary?
What sector do you work in?
What should I have done, Ellen?
What should we do if we're not good at it?
What sort of landscape?
What sort of things are you interested in?
What strange things he could tell us if he would!
What the devil am I to say, Bertie?
What the devil do you think you're talking about?
What the dickens shall I say?
What the flaming.
What time frame should we expect for it to be delivered?
What tools are available to benchmark an A-I processor?
What variety of gloves do you have?
What was I doing?
What was a roadman doing twenty miles from his beat, pursued by the police?
What was he doing in her company?
What was his name now?” And I scratched a forgetful head.
What was it that those two cushions had to tell you?
What was that something?
What was the boy's name, Jo?
What was the effect of the financial crisis on your community?
What was the name of its proprietor?
What was the object of your little sensation.
What was the one chance?
What was the row about?
What was there to be peeved about?
What were the swans doing on the grass?
What were they going to do?
What were you doing out here, anyway?
What were you going to tell me?
What were you talking drivel about?
What will humans do in the age of automation?
What will satisfy you for the trouble of producing it?
What will the future of work look like?
What will you do about her?
What with tainting, plundering, and spoiling, Tom has his revenge.
What work are you doing now?
What would be their one thought?
What would become of her now?
What would compel you to buy this bracelet?
What would constitute a breach of contract?
What would he do, whether or not?
What would she have said?
What would they do at the end of a year?
What would you do if you were a billionaire?
What would you have done if you had been Angela?
What would you have us called?
What would you like for breakfast?
What's amiss, old boy?
What's her call sign?
What's in the envelope packet?
What's it like to live in a virtual world?
What's that furry thing hopping around the garden?
What's that grub-thief got to do with it.
What's that rattling noise from under the bonnet?
What's the date?
What's the good of that to me?
What's the horsepower of a single horse?
What's the location of the next race?
What's the lowest common multiple of three hundred forty and fifty-two?
What's the matter with the cat?
What's the matter?
What's the most common phrase you've heard?
What's the sense of saying, 'Don't mention it'? I have mentioned it.
What's the sine of ninety degrees?
What's the time, Mr Wolf?
What's the timeline for the project?
What's this I hear!
What's this one?
What's this they tell me?
What's to hurt him!
What's your age?
What's your surname?
What, after all, could he have told them?
What, all five out at once?
What, has she frightened away some of your lovers?
What, in your opinion, will the harvest be?
What, you were thirsty, were you?
Whatever he guessed he locked away in the taboo room of Naomi.
Whatever he said, was said well; and whatever he did, done gracefully.
Whatever the old girl says, do.
Whatever you do, do not frighten her.
What’s bugging you?
What’s the Best Before date?
What’s the French for fiddle-de-dee?
What’s your grievance?
When Claire was nineteen she found herself becoming increasingly depressed
When I am in company with him, I will not be wishing.
When I came to I was waving my hat and murmuring ecstatically.
When I can't see beauty in woman I want to die.
When I entered that quiet thoroughfare it seemed deserted.
When I get used to my brains I shall know everything.
When I got back the lift-man had an important face.
When I got better, I went to look at the monster.
When I had complied, he said, "Ah!"
When I love a person very tenderly indeed, it seems to brighten.
When I told him, he laughed.
When I wake up, remind me to take my laptop to work.
When I was a child, I loved buying sherbet at the sweet shop
When I was a child, little boys wanted to become engine drivers.
When I was getting better, he never bothered me with a question.
When I was left alone I started in to fake up that corpse.
When I was young, I used to take life-saving lessons.
When I was your age, I did it for half-an-hour a day.
When a circuit is complete a current can flow through it.
When a company's bottom line is not looking so good, they usually cut jobs.
When a trim parlour-maid opened the door, I could hardly find my voice.
When alone with Elizabeth afterwards, she spoke more on the subject.
When an object travels fast and it suddenly stops it experiences inertia.
When are we to hear more of this?
When business is going good shareholders receive a dividend.
When did he come down from London?
When did he come here?
When did she suggest it?
When did she tell you?
When did this happen?
When did you arrive?
When did you ask for permission?
When did you ever mention any device to me?
When did you ever take me for a chump?
When did you send the advertisement in, then?
When flying, I have often wondered about the expression Arm the Doors and Crosscheck
When he came home at dinner-time his mother was rather excited.
When he did speak again, it was in a deep growl.
When he had gone, he picked up his rod.
When he said himself I think he meant ourselves.
When he spoke, he spoke reluctantly.
When he went to bed I sat up and finished Scudder.
When icy conditions are forecast, councils usually send out gritters.
When is a convenient time for me to call back?
When is his trial?
When is that paper published?
When is the party?
When is the right time to buy a driver-less car?
When is your turn to come?
When it's moonlight, though?
When looking for a job we need to be proactive.
When morning came they started again.
When my child was born, I was in tears.
When my daughter finishes at primary school, she'll go on to secondary school
When my daughter was at school she was very keen on hockey
When my eyes were opened to his real character.
When my judgment should be given.
When shall Ada come to see you, my love?
When shall we begin?
When shall we start? asked the Scarecrow.
When she was discontented, she fancied herself nervous.
When someone upsets us, knee-jerk reactions should be avoided.
When something is widely available, it starts to get treated like a commodity.
When the scream came from the garden you were not surprised.
When the snow came, they all went out sledging.
When the soul is bruised, it droops.
When the sponge has soaked, you can use it to clean the car.
When their investments failed, Sophie and Bill lost nearly half a million pounds
When they are shut into the back room, they speak low.
When they were worn out, he wanted them back.
When this was done she had a less active part to play.
When was it delivered to Harry?
When was it found?
When water is boiled, it will evaporate.
When water is scarce, avoid wasting it.
When will the winner be announced?
When will you graduate?
When wiring a plug, make sure you can identify the earth wire
When you awaken, the street will be transformed.
When you make tea, do you pour the tea or the milk first?
When you say 'No, sir,' do you mean 'Yes, sir'?
When you're at rock bottom, the only way is up.
When your cervix dilates ten centimetres you are in stage two labour.
When your clothes no longer fit, drop them off at a charity shop.
When you’ve finished doing the washing up, you can make the beds
When's the next showing of Mission: Impossible?
Whenever you do, George, let us know.
Whenever you want me, you will find me here.
Where are we going, Esther?
Where are your nearest restroom facilities?
Where can I find the enquiry desk?
Where can I learn data-analytics?
Where can I lodge him for the present?
Where can we find fish fillet?
Where did she keep her jewels!
Where did you pick her up?
Where did you say the wind was, Rick?
Where do I apply for citizenship?
Where do foxes inhabit?
Where do you come from?
Where does discretion end, and avarice begin?
Where has there been a murder?
Where have you come from?
Where is my vanity bag?
Where is the Nobel Prize awarded again?
Where is the best place to exercise around here?
Where is the closest bathroom?
Where is the closest playgroup for infants?
Where is the equalizer?
Where is the evidence?
Where is the fine, old, chivalrous spirit?
Where is the fly swatter?
Where is the sweet, gentle, womanly spirit?
Where is this all going to lead?
Where is this foul bone-shaker?
Where is this great spider of yours now?
Where one door shuts, another opens.
Where shall I find you?
Where shall we find a new pin more bright?
Where the birds sing melodiously.
Where the devil can I get a book of tide tables?
Where there's a will, there's a way.
Where was his valet?
Where were you?
Where will the ceremony take place?
Where would you wish to go?
Where's Angela?
Where's my bag of documents?
Where's the art gallery?
Where’s your kit, by the way?
Which English author wrote a series of twenty-one novels?
Which airline did you use for your holiday to Tenerife?
Which backend do you use for Keras?
Which blockchain provider is the most stable?
Which brought them back again to the beginning of the conversation.
Which column has the value-added tax breakdown?
Which do you prefer: the Windows or the Mac operating system?
Which email client do you use?
Which he certainly did not, being made entirely of cardboard.
Which is the best women's baseball team?
Which is the key of the safe?
Which is your dominant hand, right or left?
Which of us was likely to speak to him about tonight?
Which one should I go with?
Which shall sing?
Which subjects did you do for your A-levels?
Which version do you have?
Which was the last cupboard or drawer that she touched?
Which way do you go?
Which would you prefer to choose?
While I am gone the Scarecrow will rule over you.
While he was taking off his coat I saw who it was.
While shepherds watched their flocks by night.
While they were drinking their coffee Harry joined them.
While you're out and about, please pass by the supermarket.
Whilst attempting to jump over the wall, he broke his leg.
Whilst we wait, here are a few kittens to look at.
Whisky is made in Scotland; whiskey is made in Ireland.
Whisky would seem to be what he filled the radiator with.
White Leghorns, said Mrs Mortimer.
White spirit is quite useful for removing oily stains
Whitefish, Gregson, whitefish and trout.
Whittaker brightened up.
Whittaker was looking very glum.
Whiz-zip-bang. Lop-Ear screamed with sudden anguish.
Who Stole the Tarts?
Who are you? asked the Scarecrow.
Who attended to you?
Who authorised that?
Who baked those muffins?
Who can possibly want me at the public-house?
Who cares for fish, game, or any other dish?
Who could have thought of seeing you!
Who could have told?
Who did you hear it from?
Who do you suppose is with me?
Who do you suppose would teach you wrong?
Who does that jewellery belong to?
Who doesn't like cheesy jokes?
Who else is out there every day, protecting seagulls?
Who ever loved that loved not at first sight?
Who ever saw one that size?
Who fired a gun or pistol?
Who for such dainties would not stoop?
Who has the ace of spades?
Who heads up this organisation?
Who is Glinda? enquired the Scarecrow.
Who is going to carry the beer?
Who is going to organise the children's play?
Who is it, and what's wanted?
Who is the dominant company in refrigeration equipment?
Who is the manufacturer?
Who is the oldest person alive?
Who is your employer?
Who knows what thread may lead us to the truth?
Who locked this door?
Who maintains this repository?
Who normally cleans the loo in your house?
Who reads the newspaper anymore?
Who shut them?
Who supplied him with the gun?
Who the devil gave it to you to be judge and jury.
Who told him not to come?
Who wants to go roller skating?
Who was it, then?
Who was that chap?
Who was the choreographer for that?
Who was the man who took a part in the crime?
Who was the woman?
Who went first?
Who were walking along Broadway.
Who will pay my fare?
Who won last night's game?
Who would believe my tale?
Who would have thought pigs could fly after all?
Who would not give all else for two pennyworth only of beautiful soup?
Who wouldn't be?
Who's brought the cake?
Who's the managing director of this company?
Who's the recipient?
Whoever lived on the ranch did that.
Why I was so nervous this morning I can't imagine.
Why are those needles and pins sticking out of your head?
Why are you avoiding me?
Why can't you get it?
Why could you not help it?
Why did Cooper get suspended at school?
Why did he come a day before he was expected?
Why did he never come?
Why did she come?
Why did she not cry for help then?
Why did they separate?
Why didn't Alice tap her feet from the beginning?
Why do I feel light-headed?
Why do you feel you need to make them happy?
Why do you sound like a chipmunk over the phone?
Why does nobody eat semolina?
Why does that plane keep going over?
Why does this tyrannosaurus rex feel sticky?
Why doesn't it emit any light?
Why don't they turn old plastics into bricks and use them to build houses?
Why don't you get rid of that awful old jacket?
Why else should he have returned except to put back the car?
Why exactly are we voting for a convicted felon?
Why has it printed duplicate pages?
Why has this problem arisen?
Why have I been charged twice for this?
Why have you come here now?
Why have you told my story to so many persons?
Why he hadn't done so before is beyond me.
Why is her fringe not straight?
Why is it best, sir?
Why is it so difficult, my dear?
Why is it that some domains cost very little.
Why is the classroom empty?
Why is the other cushion torn?
Why is the public so apathetic?
Why is your basement so packed?
Why isn't the race to the swift?
Why not chuck the whole idea of hitching up with me?
Why not like any railroad station or ferry depot.
Why not open the damn thing and see?
Why she did not cry for help?
Why she did not resist yesterday evening?
Why should I be frightened!
Why should I not care for her?
Why should I seek her so often if I did not care?
Why should Mr. Tulkinghorn, for such no reason, look out of window?
Why should a fellow throw up the sponge after the first round.
Why should she spare others?
Why should they try to influence him?
Why should you ever have been otherwise?
Why should you think that?
Why shouldn't she simply walk downstairs?
Why was he so animated?
Why was the door locked?
Why's she being so spiky at the moment?
Why, I could tell you a story.
Why, I do believe we’ve been under this tree the whole time!
Why, I don’t know.
Why, I never heard of such a thing!
Why, I once addressed a girls' school.
Why, Tony, what on earth is going on in this house tonight?
Why, doggone you all, shake again.
Why, great heaven, I was there last night!
Why, he is not in this place.
Why, he might be robbed fifty times over!
Why, he's bought forty pounds of goods from you already.
Why, here's an extraordinary thing!
Why, it's a wonder, George!
Why, it’s a Looking-glass book, of course!
Why, it’s got branches, I declare!
Why, it’s turning into a sort of mist now, I declare!
Why, of course, to Geneva.
Why, oh, why was that latticed door opening so noiselessly?
Why, sometimes I’ve believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.
Why, the average review is more nauseating than cod liver oil.
Why, they seemed like the paper on the wall.
Why, this is a private asylum!
Why, to get away — to come back perhaps later.
Why, we passed it ten minutes ago!
Why, what a laborious life!
Why, what age do you call that little creature?
Why, what are those creatures, making honey down there?
Why, what's the matter with you, Tony?
Why, who can she be?
Why, you're six foot two, I suppose?
Wickham so very bad!
Widely different was the effect of a second perusal.
Wife, why do you look at me in that way?
Wikidata is a repository of structured open source data.
Wikipedia is one of the world's most popular websites, and it's free!
Wildflowers flourished on the verge of the country road
Will he never learn?
Will my cousin John forgive me?
Will somebody give me a quart pot?
Will somebody hand me anything hard and bruising to pelt at her?
Will we ever forget it.
Will you allow me to retire?
Will you do it, or shall I?
Will you do me a favour?
Will you explain to me one thing?
Will you kindly stop ranting?
Will you let me finish?
Will you permit me to remove them?
Will you pick me up in it at three at my hotel?
Will you take any other vegetables?
Will you take me to her?
Will you take your foot back into that car?
Will you tell them to send him up?
Will you turn it off?
William’s conduct at first was moderate.
Wind up the coil of wires.
Windows are usually rectangular, less commonly round or triangular.
Wing Chun is a style of martial arts.
Winter break is only a few weeks away!
Wipe the mould off her shoes and off yours too — carefully.
Wireless earphones allow you to listen to audio untethered.
Witch marks were a kind of folk magic.
With Edgar she was cordial, but with Miriam cold and rather grudging.
With a gesture he refused the stake.
With a pole, madam.
With all its sham, drudgery and broken dreams
With her metal detector she discovered a Viking treasure trove.
With his hand he waved to his companions to keep back.
With luck, we should be able to dispose of his stamp albums at auction
With mirrors, I expect.
With my strength I slammed it full into Red-Eye's face.
With one of these bricks I could blow the house to smithereens.
With positive reinforcement, we can have our children grow up to be successful.
With regard to Gussie, everything was in train.
With research we can eliminate cancer.
With shaking fingers he held out a newspaper.
With the intention of restoring them to liberty.
With the mention of Derbyshire there were many ideas connected.
With the same grey cloak.
With the torch to help me I investigated further.
With them were Indians, also three other men.
With these arguments he convinced himself that he should go on alone.
With these rooms I might now have been familiarly acquainted!
With trembling fingers he tore it open.
Within a few yards help was there — help and life.
Within an hour or two we may have news for him.
Within himself he called it no longer his own.
Within the house those shutters had been opened.
Without a doubt, some of them have dinner engagements.
Without an intelligent being to create it, intelligence is not created on its own.
Without discussion, it was the agents provocateurs who caused the Peasant Revolt.
Without fear or favour.
Without my mobile I'd feel really lost
Without them he could not run his empire.
Women don't like conceited people.
Women don't like people with loud voices.
Women don't like slobs.
Women had fooled men before today.
Won by a short head.
Won't he ever remember?
Won't you draw up, gentlemen.
Won't you stop it just this once?
Wonder if he's a lion dog, Charles suggested.
Word wrap formatting helps text documents read clearer.
Work hard to unleash your full potential.
Workers like to feel like they are more than a cog in a machine.
Working hard to reduce inequality.
Worldly goods are divided unequally, and man must not repine.
Worn socks have a pungent odour.
Worried is right.
Worship is about more than just singing.
Would I take that weight —  in any metal  —  for the old girl?
Would any one believe this?
Would he have dared?
Would it be feasible to expand the scope of this investigation?
Would it not be better to rest now?
Would make genuine sensation.
Would she go with me?
Would the fall never come to an end!
Would the loss of a skewer be noticed, do you think?
Would you allow me to look at it?
Would you be satisfied with that one hundredth part of me.
Would you come with me to check out the car?
Would you do an old man that good turn, sir?
Would you have your genome sequenced if it would advance medical science?
Would you like a biscuit with your tea?
Would you like a game of noughts and crosses?
Would you like to be billed bi-annually?
Would you like to connect with a friend?
Would you like to customize your device?
Would you like to eat a Scone?
Would you like to extend the warranty?
Would you like to have a desert?
Would you like to renew your subscription?
Would you like to talk to someone?
Would you like to, or should I?
Would you like your cod fried in batter?
Would you mind describing him to me?
Would you mind opening the window, please?
Would you mind standing aside?
Would you object to my writing it?
Would you rather go out?
Would you take a seat, sir?
Wouldn't he give it to you?
Wouldn't it be great if the city had a small theme park?
Wow! Did you see that?
Writing was his only solace
Wrongheaded, shortsighted, and politically expedient.
Yay! Sounds amazing!
Ye see, my daughter was merry last night, and we kept it up late.
Yea, I will tell thee.
Yea, so are all the lesser animals of today clean.
Yeah, right, like you didn't know!
Yeah, that's right!.
Yeah, you and what army?
Years passed before he realized the truth.
Yep, right!
Yes my dear, he said cynically.
Yes — if Darcy does not put it off again.
Yes, Ada thought she had better go with me.
Yes, Adele shall see tonight.
Yes, Bertie, this scheme is bright.
Yes, Helene was in the plot too.
Yes, I am contented now.
Yes, I call that pretty good.
Yes, I concur.
Yes, I could follow the psychology.
Yes, I did think so.
Yes, I got it all right.
Yes, I had got the gist all right.
Yes, I hated her.
Yes, I hope so.
Yes, I know something of it.
Yes, I saw Angela's point of view.
Yes, I saw that.
Yes, I see my way now, right on.
Yes, I suppose you could call it that.
Yes, I think it will work.
Yes, I understand.
Yes, I was noticing at dinner.
Yes, If you so desire.
Yes, Saturday should be fine.
Yes, Uncle Tom, if you must have it.
Yes, and if people would stop interrupting we could get it finished.
Yes, and no, sir, was the slow reply.
Yes, but they love the blind lover.
Yes, clearly, that's an obvious no-brainer
Yes, he gave it to me. That's how I got it.
Yes, he was very careful.
Yes, here; at the post office — at the telephone exchange.
Yes, how did you find it out?
Yes, in the dining-room.
Yes, it is interesting just because it is so human.
Yes, it was a man who asked, a stranger.
Yes, it's in December.
Yes, let us go now.
Yes, lie quietly and reflect, little fool!
Yes, lovely, isn't it?
Yes, madam, Mr. Wooster would perform the task admirably.
Yes, might as well be shoving along with it.
Yes, monsieur — if one knew where to look for it.
Yes, monsieur — oh, the poor woman!
Yes, my darling, if you insist upon it!
Yes, she called yesterday with her father.
Yes, she does.
Yes, she lied, and it was a bad lie, my friend.
Yes, she will do for him very well.
Yes, sir, I corrected.
Yes, sir, he answered, with cheerful alacrity.
Yes, so you did say about ten.
Yes, that rings a bell.
Yes, that seems reasonable.
Yes, that will do.
Yes, that would do nicely.
Yes, that's not bad.
Yes, there she spoke the truth.
Yes, there were brains behind that murder.
Yes, there's the dominating figure — cruel, masterful, relentless — that strange woman.
Yes, we know — what do we know, monsieur?
Yes, yes, I will calm myself.
Yes, yes, there are strong differences.
Yes, yes, they will take care not to outrun their income.
Yes, you have.
Yes, you suspected him.
Yes; but there was also another question.
Yes; but you must own she is very plain.
Yes; to make sure of the distance.
Yes; what was he like?
Yet I couldn’t be convinced.
Yet he chattered away with his mother.
Yet he dreams he is immortal, I argue feebly.
Yet he had not the courage to leave Miriam.
Yet he's like you, there's no denying.
Yet his mind was not relieved of Richard.
Yet in a queer way I liked the speech.
Yet it did, and even a third.
Yet it is so obvious.
Yet she must be going to your hotel, for the road ends.
Yet the travellers only reached their home at three.
Yet what can I do?
Yet without knowing she cannot answer.
Yet you have a large establishment, I am told?
Yet you suspected him — even then you spoke of brains and audacity.
Yet you think yourselves very fine, I dare say!
Yet you were up early enough to read the newspaper.
Yet your opinion should be the most valuable of all.
Yet, behind them there was another and more powerful motive.
Yet, how just a humiliation!
Yet, in accordance with Ernest's test of truth, it worked.
Yet, in reality, you are worse a scourge than the Black Death.
Yield yourself to the waters that are ripping and tearing at you.
You all know the difference between an optimist and a pessimist.
You all think something else, I see.
You alluded to something else.
You alright mate?
You also came through the air, being carried by a cyclone.
You and I are very different creatures.
You and I.
You and your 'Well, Gussie'!
You and your engagement book, indeed.
You appear at a good time.
You appear to me to be the very touchstone of responsibility.
You are a child of the universe
You are a good detective.
You are a jolly servant!
You are a silly young geezer.
You are afraid of her!
You are all very kind to me.
You are amongst good friends, mademoiselle.
You are an extraordinary person.
You are approaching a safety speed camera.
You are as punctual as the sun.
You are being watched.
You are charmingly grouped, and appear to uncommon advantage.
You are coming, then, to help us?
You are going out into the great world.
You are her dream man.
You are honouring me with your attention?
You are hot in here!
You are human, like the rest of us.
You are more intelligent.
You are never too old to learn.
You are now connected online.
You are of that opinion?
You are only a little low.
You are only doing your duty.
You are positively soulless, he said savagely.
You are presenting him with the drawing prize.
You are quite safe here.
You are ready at all times to go anywhere, and do anything.
You are right, my child.
You are shocked, I dare say!
You are so generous, so unselfish, so chivalrous.
You are stumped.
You are such a favourite of his, Esther.
You are sure that the front of the house is guarded?
You are sure you are not the least angry with me, Ma?
You are surprised.
You are the amateur, I am the professional — that is all.
You are very welcome.
You are wrong, Jeeves.
You aren't suggesting that I should climb down?
You ask me what is it?
You asked her to share the winnings of your bank.
You astound me, Jeeves.
You began it too, for he wasn’t doing nothing.
You bet I won't detain them long.
You bring up some excellent points.
You came while I was still in bed.
You can apply for membership of the board.
You can attach the poster using drawing pins
You can avoid telephone scams by ending a cold call.
You can become free of debt sooner if you repay the smallest debt first.
You can build and disassemble the robot easily.
You can call model dot summary to see the model structure.
You can choose either the fruit salad or the cheese
You can choose the colour Navy or Azure for the baby's bedroom.
You can convert a currency value from one to another using a conversion factor.
You can do it. Just take baby steps.
You can do nothing worse to me than you have done.
You can do what you like, old boy!
You can exchange your foreign currency at a bureau de change
You can hardly make the best of me if I don't.
You can have perfect data in an imperfect world.
You can hear the gears grinding while driving.
You can heat the rice pudding on the hob
You can invent reasons.
You can learn how to build parts for a prosthetic arm.
You can lie as snug here as if you were in a moss-hole.
You can make a direct transfer to our bank account.
You can reclaim gift aid provided you are a taxpayer.
You can relate everything to me.
You can scarcely be strong yet.
You can see from the blood that Alice has cut herself
You can see how impressive that would be.
You can see the pendulum swing.
You can see the window from this corner.
You can see thousands of stars with the naked eye in the night sky?
You can stop those monkey tricks at once!
You can take a vacation on pay.
You can take this case straight to the High Court.
You can tell me about her perhaps?
You can tickle my ankles.
You can use a combination of marketing strategies at the same time.
You can use either a fountain pen or a biro
You can use sultanas or raisins when making fruitcake
You can use that tea towel to dry the dishes
You can use this teatowel to dry yourself.
You can withdraw cash from a cash machine, sometimes known as a cashpoint
You can't answer for him?
You can't be too well, my dear friend.
You can't get away from the facts.
You can't go to Belgium without trying out Belgian chocolate.
You can't have good news about her.
You can't possibly love a chap like Gussie. You simply can't.
You can't recommend anything for the boy, I suppose?
You can't seriously expect me to go through with this?
You can't speak too low.
You can't think how kind he is to Pa.
You can't think what good companions they make.
You cannot follow in time.
You can’t mistake it.
You certainly can't depend upon it.
You certainly seem to have fixed things.
You could have eaten your dinner off me.
You could have knocked me down with a feather. "Engaged to him?"
You could see that she was a woman who had suffered.
You couldn't blame me for withdrawing.
You couldn't do better.
You couldn't have done better.
You couldn’t conceive a more innocent spectacle.
You did at Cannes.
You did not say so then.
You didn't know him, did you?
You do it!—That I won’t, then!
You do not admire this jacket?
You do not blame me, however, for refusing him?
You do not know of what service it might be.
You do not make allowance enough for difference of situation and temper.
You do not think he is ill?
You do not understand the habits of the spy.
You do that for all of us, all day long, housekeeper!
You do yourself an injustice.
You do, do you?
You do, don't you, Phil?
You don't catch me at any such foolishness.
You don't doubt William Guppy?
You don't follow.
You don't happen to have heard of a murder?
You don't have to see to recognize beauty.
You don't look yourself.
You don't mean that?
You don't mean you've got a bite already?
You don't mind these things; neither does Miss Summerson.
You don't need to be as rich as an aristocrat to go on holiday.
You don't object to him?
You don't quite credit me, my dear!
You don't suppose she really wants to marry me, do you?
You don't suspect any harm?
You drove the car on Tuesday morning?
You find the long vacation exceedingly long, don't you?
You find the rent too high, do you, sir?
You find what I have done hard to understand.
You fired me out of your house, in short.
You forget how long I have been here.
You forget that I have made no answer.
You found him in here, laughing heartily.
You found that out long ago.
You gibber, Jeeves.
You girls are more trouble than you're worth, by half.
You give me fresh life and vigour.
You give the house a wholesome look.
You got in, then?
You got my note? Yes, I got your note.
You got out by fighting, and I through a pretty girl.
You had better go and tell it to him.
You had much better dance. I certainly shall not.
You hag, you cat, you dog!
You have a discreet officer whom you can trust?
You have a hand in this business and we are taking no risks.
You have a house viewing booked this afternoon.
You have a motor-car?
You have a right to be here.
You have a road map, perhaps?
You have a splendid, chivalrous soul.
You have all the advantage.
You have associated with some of these men.
You have barely half an hour before dinner.
You have been among them.
You have been an age.
You have been badly hurt.
You have been credited for the returned item.
You have been in the wars!
You have been mean and shabby.
You have been strangely importunate.
You have been very ill, I know.
You have delighted us long enough.
You have done all this!
You have done this? Why have you done it?
You have employed your time much better.
You have exactly one minute.
You have got them?
You have had the money and must refund it.
You have heard always how he was the lover of the Princess Naomi.
You have heard him say so fifty times.
You have liked many a stupider person.
You have many herbs in this garden.
You have never looked so ravishing.
You have no idea what an opinion he has of you!
You have no trouble, I hope, to keep you waking?
You have not congratulated me on my physician.
You have not forgotten what we have planned?
You have not opened them this morning?
You have now your opportunity.
You have opted to receive biannual statements.
You have petrol for a long journey?
You have really been most kind.
You have reduced him to his present state of poverty — comparative poverty.
You have roused my curiosity, and now you must gratify it.
You have seen her.
You have sense, and we all expect you to use it.
You have sent word to the police?
You have such a great heart, such a fine soul.
You have the air of one about to make a remark, Jeeves.
You have the number and description, I suppose?
You have to leave your bag in the cloakroom
You have to speculate, to accumulate.
You have your remedy in your own hands.
You have, no doubt, a letter written by her?
You have, perhaps, friends with whom you could stay?
You haven't got an idea?
You haven't got anything on your mind, you know.
You haven't got the family face.
You haven't looked in at all?
You haven't seen him, by any chance?
You hear what she says, and I know it's true.
You hear what she says.
You heard me mention sausages, kidneys and bacon and ham.
You intend to give me no other notice?
You just need to add more layers as always.
You know St Albans, sir?
You know Wakanda is not a real place, right?
You know a little too much, Mr Hannay.
You know her, then?
You know him too well to doubt the rest.
You know how she hates to be kept waiting at these times.
You know it taints everybody.
You know me, and I know you.
You know my cousin Angela?
You know what I mean as well as any man.
You know what I'm talking about.
You know what a hard-working, steady-going chap he is.
You know what girls are like.
You know what that means.
You know what you related.
You know why not, Esther.
You know you like this girl.
You know, a perfect general!
You know, she’s not like you, mother.
You know, you know, it's true!
You left your briefcase under the desk.
You like poetry?
You live on an income which your father earned.
You look like you need a hug!.
You look out upon the mountain, I see.
You made light work of that!
You make me laugh so that I can hardly hold you!
You make some good points.
You married, by any chance?
You may be assured of it.
You may experience disruption of your broadband connection while we perform road works.
You may find yourself out of pocket by thousands of pounds in legal fees.
You may go into Holborn, with precaution, and never be run over.
You may imagine what I felt and how I acted.
You may read it in the whole room.
You may trust in me, cousin Richard.
You may, perhaps, have abandoned this project a long time.
You mean Jane, I suppose, because he danced with her twice.
You mean about the man?
You mean for this State, General, Alberta.
You mean imagination boggles?
You mean of me, sir?
You mean there's someone else?
You mean well, but are tiresome.
You mean you want to call it all off?
You mean, do I feel as if I were settling down?
You mentioned two instances.
You met her here?
You might as well live dear.
You might describe it as a passing coolness, but no more.
You might just slide down and fetch it, will you?
You might use that.
You might wish for it, but you don’t need it.
You must be mad.
You must be worried.
You must consider yourself in custody, George.
You must contrive to send somebody.
You must enable call barring to block nuisance callers.
You must expect to fail sometimes; please don't quit.
You must give me the Golden Cap.
You must have two lovers!
You must help me, Mr. Ricardo — you must, indeed!
You must know that I have done no good this long time.
You must not remain here.
You must remember that Angela's shark is very dear to her.
You must remember to insure the car.
You must see my daughters.
You must see them all.
You must send John with the young ladies, Mrs. Collins.
You must sign the tenancy agreement before the lease will begin.
You must sign your name in a book.
You must sleep, he urged.
You must think I have bazillion dollars.
You mustn't do that. Stop it!
You mustn't look to individuals.
You mustn't take it so hard, Gussie.
You need have had no such fear.
You need not.
You need to apply yourself
You need to be more cautious, especially around expensive equipment like this.
You need to click on the link to open the file
You need to get out of my way! he said aggressively
You need to give yourself a talking to.
You need to press the accelerator to go more quickly
You need to promise never to attempt that again
You need to put your rubbish into the dustbin
You need to recognize what you don't know
You need to regularly check the tire pressure doesn't go below the manufacturer's spec.
You need to resist negativity.
You need to right click to pull up the menu.
You need to select a different menu option to switch modes.
You need to speculate, to accumulate.
You need to vary your approach when tackling difficult problems.
You need to wait for the dialling tone before dialling the number
You never explained that cipher telegram about the sausages and ham.
You never heard of anything of that sort?
You never saw your father, more's the pity.
You never see a fault in anybody.
You notice the grip I am getting on this case.
You noticed he said nothing, but went through these papers again and again.
You often think you know me as I really am?
You ought all to have learned.
You pride yourselves on it.
You purchased two tons of creamed corn on March sixth.
You put it in your letter-case.
You quite mistook Mr. Darcy.
You read the quotations in today's paper.
You really ought to do something about that haircut.
You recollect that first night, when I was so unpolite?
You remember Angela's shark?
You remember me, then?
You remember that time at the girls' school?
You remembered the car and its number.
You resemble my brother.
You said that before, my dear Richard.
You saw Celia Harland on the evening before the murder.
You saw us together?
You say the race is not always to the swift.
You say, yourself, you are not leading a very settled life.
You see I had to pile up some evidence for the inquest.
You see how continually we are engaged there.
You see how much I have studied the subject.
You see now how right I was.
You see on what a footing we are.
You see the wind is so very strong here.
You see what will happen.
You see, I was quite young — only eighteen — and I wanted to live.
You see, Kitty, it must have been either me or the Red King.
You see, a minute goes by so fearfully quick.
You see, coming into France is a different affair.
You see, we were teaching ourselves.
You seem to be low-spirited.
You seem to have it in for him.
You shall not defend her, though it is Charlotte Lucas.
You shan't say you don't.
You should have more patience.
You should have put a ring on it.
You should have seen Tuppy's face when I told him.
You should have seen them when they heard me spitting Chinook.
You should know, Mr. Tulkinghorn.
You should listen and learn; I can teach you how to succeed
You should make the most of your hopes, wishes and desires.
You should never have agreed with her
You should stick to what you’ve started.
You should sustain yourself better.
You showed no less surprise than he did, my good friend.
You smile, Jeeves. The thought amuses you?
You stand silent and twiddle the fingers.
You surprise me, sir.
You take delight in vexing me.
You take what?
You think her guilty — like this detestable newspaper, like the police.
You think it funny, do you?
You think so because I am a little rambling.
You think that this would clean everything up?
You thought the waiter must not hear, as if he cared!
You took him under your roof.
You two made the money up, you know!
You understand why I thank you so very much?
You used to joyride like the very devil.
You want a description of my cousin?
You want to go over and see his gang throw dirt.
You want to know who's got 'em?
You went to bed late last night, my friend.
You were at the station with me.
You were destroying my life.
You were engaged.
You were found in a doorway, weren't you?
You were going to leave after you saw me on the rock.
You were going to say, thirdly?
You were hobbling along with a couple of sticks!
You were in London, but you can explain what you were doing.
You were looking squeamish this afternoon, he began.
You were making them talk shop, Ruth charged him.
You were talking about nothing else in the gig.
You were to be exactly what you were before.
You were too interested in other things to have any eyes.
You weren't nervous?
You will act according to my opinion?
You will allow me to order you lunch after your journey, sir.
You will be able to advise us.
You will be glad, won't you, dearie?
You will be perfectly safe.
You will be wanted today.
You will drive with her to her door.
You will excuse me, I know, being so much occupied.
You will find that nothing at the villa has been disturbed.
You will find the young man next door.
You will hardly bear to be long outdone by Jane.
You will help me, Helene?
You will like to make some change, perhaps?
You will need a pin in order to use a bankcard
You will need an additional adapter to use your old earphones.
You will need gloves; it's freezing outside.
You will need to bring a packed lunch for the school trip.
You will need to install a codec to play this format of video.
You will need to join the end of the queue.
You will need your National Insurance Number to apply for a pension
You will not blame me.
You will not ruin me?
You will row on the lake with her.
You will sit in that arm-chair.
You will sit with her on the shady lawns.
You will sort of pave the way, as it were.
You will stay here tonight to arrange for their transfer?
You will stroll with the girl in the shady walks.
You will think of many little things perhaps, by and by.
You wish me to approach him?
You woke me out of, oh such a nice dream!
You won't die of malnutrition, be sure of that.
You won't do it, you mean?
You won't get to spend it.
You won't have a lawyer?
You won't ski well unless you bend your knees
You won’t get a soundbite from me.
You would like some hot water, wouldn't you?
You would make a home out of even this house.
You wouldn't perhaps object to admitting that?
You yellow giant thing of the frost.
You yourself know nothing of her.
You'll do it?
You'll find many native species of plant in this field
You'll find the dog outside, in the kennel
You'll find the results at the tail end of that report.
You'll need three teaspoonsful for that.
You'll need to measure it to work out the cost.
You'll only make matters worse.
You're a Star!.
You're a baron of the land.
You're a chattering clattering broomstick witch!
You're a devil for fighting, and will surely win.
You're a friend in need.
You're a sweltering toad!
You're an independent dragoon, too!
You're beating a dead horse
You're going back, Charley?
You're going in for grab sharing.
You're going to hitch up with Gussie, after all?
You're going to need more practice if you're going to master that piece.
You're in love with some other bloke?
You're in room fifteen J, said the receptionist coldly.
You're joking me, sir, the other managed to articulate.
You're joking!.
You're not afraid of me, Tom, are you?
You're not one of the weak-legged ones, you ain't.
You're not tall enough to reach the tub!
You're not the chump I took you for, Bertie.
You're positive it's what you're looking for?
You're prudent, prudent, sir!
You're right behind the times, Bertie.
You're still sticking to that?
You're there, are you?
You've been in low spirits this afternoon.
You've been very often there.
You've got it in your trousers pocket.
You've heard of this business of mine, I suppose?
You, too, think her guilty!
You, you would not keep the truth from me.
Young children often like to eat fish fingers, chips and baked beans
Young man of the name of Guppy!
Young people are beaming with creativity.
Young people are frequently told nowadays to reach for the stars.
Young people shouldn't let their vote go to waste.
Your accent is different, where are you from?
Your account does not have admin privileges.
Your application has been acknowledged, we will be in touch shortly.
Your aunt," said Tuppy, "is a bit above herself.
Your being wrecked here has been a godsend to me.
Your blood pressure has stabilized.
Your claim has been approved and we will be in touch shortly.
Your contribution to our charity is appreciated.
Your cousin's conduct does not suit my feelings.
Your duty is to send your car for the police and give me up.
Your face is red with blood.
Your face was the personification of duplicity.
Your father of course may spare you, if your mother can.
Your father's fifth command, he nodded.
Your genius and insight will find the way.
Your hair looks smooth, do you straighten it?
Your hairstylist appointment has been booked at your usual time.
Your hard work is appreciated.
Your ladyship is acquainted with the name of Hawdon?
Your ladyship is very affable.
Your life is your business - and no one else’s.
Your luggage is in the boot of the car.
Your membership is active.
Your mother insists upon your accepting it.
Your necessities are greater than mine.
Your password has been hashed for security.
Your payment is due.
Your price, my son, is just about thirty per week.
Your privacy is very important.
Your request is pending approval.
Your scheme has proved a bust.
Your services are appreciated.
Your shoes are below the table.
Your sister I also watched.
Your superior knowledge of your sister must make the latter probable.
Your theory has been tested and proved correct.
Your tone shocks me.
Your transaction has been authorized and is being processed.
Your trousers won't split.
Your warranty has expired.
Your words are poetic and memorable.
Your work is superb.
Yours faithfully.
Yours sincerely.
Youth had come back to her, freed from the yoke of oppression.
Youth, and hope, and beauty are very seldom there.
You’d be nowhere.
You’d better think about catching your train.
You’ll be catching a crab directly.
You’ll come to it in time.
You’ll never guess! I couldn’t.
You’re a good fellow, and I’m going to be frank.
You’re a serpent; and there’s no use denying it.
You’re about his size.
You’re about my height.
You’re going to need two tablespoonsful.
You’ve had a pleasant run!
Yusuf wants to build a life-size Lego castle.
Zaki shared his toys with his sister Sarah.
Zilla relaxed her sour mouth long enough to sigh her satisfaction.
Zucchini is the same thing as courgette
and they described you jolly well, down to your boots and shirt.
are you going with me?
he asked me with a keen glance.
he cried in amazement.
he growled with an appearance of strong resentment.
he said, rising and pushing back his chair.
he says, with a plain appearance of exasperation.
it was melancholy to leave her to such society!
said I, taking the woman aside.
the constable observes to the audience.
while others cost thousands?
whispered Miss Jellyby, drawing my arm tighter through her own.
whispered Richard, not thinking she could hear him.
‘A cat may look at a king,’ said Alice.
‘A dear little crab!’ thought Alice.
‘A fine day, your Majesty!’ the Duchess began in a low, weak voice.
‘A likely story indeed!’ said the Pigeon in a tone of the deepest contempt.
‘A little—a little,’ the King replied, rather nervously.
‘A quarter to two,’ he said, looking at the parlour clock.
‘Ah, what is it, now?’ the Unicorn cried eagerly.
‘Ahem!’ said the Mouse with an important air, ‘are you all ready?’
‘All round the town?’ he said.
‘And darker,’ said Tweedledee.
‘And how did you manage on the twelfth?’ Alice went on eagerly.
‘And washing?’ said the Mock Turtle.
‘And what enormous flowers they must be!’ was her next idea.
‘And you were all the better for it, I know!’ the Queen said triumphantly.
‘Another sandwich!’ said the King.
‘Anything you like,’ said the Footman, and began whistling.
‘Are their heads off?’ shouted the Queen.
‘Are there any lions or tigers about here?’ she asked timidly.
‘Are there many crabs here?’ said Alice.
‘Are we nearly there?’ Alice managed to pant out at last.
‘Are you animal—vegetable—or mineral?’ he said, yawning at every other word.
‘Are you content now?’ said the Caterpillar.
‘Are you to get in at all?’ said the Footman.
‘As well as you can,’ said the Tiger-lily.
‘Blew—me—up,’ panted the Queen, who was still a little out of breath.
‘But I’m not a serpent, I tell you!’ said Alice.
‘But I’m not used to it!’ pleaded poor Alice in a piteous tone.
‘But about his toes?’ the Mock Turtle persisted.
‘But she must have a prize herself, you know,’ said the Mouse.
‘By-the-bye, what became of the baby?’ said the Cat.
‘Call it what you like,’ said the Cat.
‘Call the next witness!’ said the King.
‘Can you answer useful questions?’ she said.
‘Can you guess why I did that?’ he said to Alice.
‘Can you keep from crying by considering things?’ she asked.
‘Can’t you?’ the Queen said in a pitying tone.
‘Capital dinners he gave; fine port, too,’ he remarked.
‘Certainly not!’ said Alice indignantly.
‘Change engines—’ it said, and was obliged to leave off.
‘Change lobsters again!’ it yelled at the top of its voice.
‘Check!’ and Alice looked round in some surprise for the new enemy.
‘Collar that Dormouse,’ the Queen shrieked out.
‘Come back!’ the Caterpillar called after her.
‘Come, it’s pleased so far,’ thought Alice, and she went on.
‘Come, let’s try the first figure!’ said the Mock Turtle to the Gryphon.
‘Come, that finished the guinea-pigs!’ thought Alice.
‘Come, you look rather better now!’ she said, after altering most of the pins.
‘Consider your verdict,’ he said to the jury, in a low, trembling voice.
‘Dear me, no!’ said the King.
‘Did you say pig, or fig?’ said the Cat.
‘Did you say “What a pity!”?’ the Rabbit asked.
‘Digging for apples, indeed!’ said the Rabbit angrily.
‘Ditto, ditto’ cried Tweedledee.
‘Do I look like it?’ he said.
‘Does the boots and shoes!’ she repeated in a wondering tone.
‘Don’t let us quarrel,’ the White Queen said in an anxious tone.
‘Each with a lobster as a partner!’ it cried.
‘Exactly so,’ said Alice.
‘Faster!’ and dragged her along.
‘Feather!’ cried the Sheep, as she took up another pair of needles.
‘Fiddle-de-dee’s not English,’ Alice replied gravely.
‘Fifteenth,’ said the March Hare.
‘Fivepence farthing for one—Twopence for two,’ the Sheep replied.
‘Fourteenth of March, I think it was,’ he said.
‘Give your evidence,’ said the King.
‘Good-bye, till we meet again!’ she said as cheerfully as she could.
‘Hand it over here,’ said the Dodo.
‘Have some wine,’ the March Hare said in an encouraging tone.
‘Hay, then,’ the King murmured in a faint whisper.
‘He must have been fast asleep,’ whispered Mr. Tupman.
‘He must have imitated somebody else’s hand,’ said the King.
‘He took me for his housemaid,’ she said to herself as she ran.
‘Herald, read the accusation!’ said the King.
‘Hold your tongue!’ cried the Tiger-lily.
‘Hold your tongue!’ it added, before Alice could speak again.
‘How am I to get in?’ asked Alice again, in a louder tone.
‘How can I have done that?’ she thought.
‘How can she knit with so many?’ the puzzled child thought to herself.
‘How do you know I’m mad?’ said Alice.
‘How dreadfully savage!’ exclaimed Alice.
‘How should I know?’ said Alice, surprised at her own courage.
‘However, I know my name now.’ she said, ‘that’s some comfort’.
‘I am so sleepy?’ she moaned.
‘I beg your pardon?’ said Alice.
‘I call it purring, not growling,’ said Alice.
‘I deny it!’ said the March Hare.
‘I don’t know what you mean,’ said Alice.
‘I don’t know what you mean,’ she said.
‘I don’t know,’ Alice said doubtfully.
‘I don’t much care where—’ said Alice.
‘I don’t quite know yet,’ Alice said, very gently.
‘I don’t quite understand you,’ she said, as politely as she could.
‘I don’t see any wine,’ she remarked.
‘I hope you’re a good hand at pinning and tying strings?’ Tweedledum remarked.
‘I like birthday presents best,’ she said at last.
‘I like them when they can talk,’ Alice said.
‘I mean what I say,’ the Mock Turtle replied in an offended tone.
‘I must have two—to fetch and carry.
‘I never bet half a dozen!’ said the other.
‘I never saw one, or heard of one,’ said Alice.
‘I never thought of that before!’ she said.
‘I only hope the boat won’t tipple over!’ she said to herself.
‘I only meant that I didn’t understand,’ said Alice.
‘I only took the regular course.’
‘I only wish I had such eyes,’ the King remarked in a fretful tone.
‘I said there was nothing like it.’ Which Alice did not venture to deny.
‘I see somebody now!’ she exclaimed at last.
‘I see you don’t,’ said Alice.
‘I should like to buy an egg, please,’ she said timidly.
‘I should like to have it explained,’ said the Mock Turtle.
‘I should like to hear her try and repeat something now.
‘I should win easy,’ said the Lion.
‘I suppose so,’ said Alice.
‘I talk English, don’t I?’ the Frog went on.
‘I think I may as well go in at once.’ And in she went.
‘I thought it would,’ said the Cat, and vanished again.
‘I thought you did,’ said the Mouse.
‘I was coming to that,’ the Knight said.
‘I wish I knew!’ thought poor Alice.
‘I wonder how many miles I’ve fallen by this time?’ she said aloud.
‘I wonder if all the things move along with us?’ thought poor puzzled Alice.
‘I won’t!’ said Alice.
‘If I’d meant that, I’d have said it,’ said Humpty Dumpty.
‘Indeed I did,’ said Alice: ‘you’ve said it very often—and very loud.
‘Is that all?’ Alice timidly asked.
‘Is that all?’ said Alice, swallowing down her anger as well as she could.
‘Is that the reason so many tea-things are put out here?’ she asked.
‘Isn’t he a lovely sight?’ said Tweedledum.
‘It all came different!’ the Mock Turtle repeated thoughtfully.
‘It always happens,’ said the gnat.
‘It began with blotting paper,’ the Knight answered with a groan.
‘It began with the tea,’ the Hatter replied.
‘It can talk,’ said he, solemnly.
‘It can’t be anybody else!’ she said to herself.
‘It does the boots and shoes,’ it replied very solemnly.
‘It gets easier further on,’ Humpty Dumpty replied.
‘It is striking four,’ I answered.
‘It is well you are out of my reach,’ he exclaimed.
‘It isn’t mine,’ said the Hatter.
‘It isn’t respectable to beg,’ said the King.
‘It must be a very pretty dance,’ said Alice timidly.
‘It proves nothing of the sort!’ said Alice.
‘It sounds like a horse,’ Alice thought to herself.
‘It was all kinds of fastness with me, I can assure you!’ he said.
‘It was the best butter,’ the March Hare meekly replied.
‘It’s a fabulous monster!’ the Unicorn cried out, before Alice could reply.
‘It’s exactly like a riddle with no answer!’ she thought.
‘It’s only the Red King snoring,’ said Tweedledee.
‘It’s really dreadful,’ she muttered to herself, ‘the way all the creatures argue’.
‘It’s—it’s a very fine day!’ said a timid voice at her side.
‘I’d rather see that done on paper,’ he said.
‘I’ll fetch the executioner myself,’ said the King eagerly, and he hurried off.
‘I’ll get one,’ the Knight said thoughtfully to himself.
‘I’ll tell you how I came to think of it,’ said the Knight.
‘I’m a poor man, your Majesty,’ he began.
‘I’m glad I’ve seen that done,’ thought Alice.
‘I’m not a mile high,’ said Alice.
‘I’m not a serpent!’ said Alice indignantly.
‘I’m not a visitor, and I’m not a servant.
‘I’m not offended,’ said Humpty Dumpty.
‘I’m not so sure of that,’ said the Unicorn.
‘I’ve got it!’ she cried in a triumphant tone.
‘Keep your temper,’ said the Caterpillar.
‘Leave off that!’ screamed the Queen.
‘Look, look!’ she cried, pointing eagerly.
‘Must a name mean something?’ Alice asked doubtfully.
‘Nearly there!’ the Queen repeated.
‘Nearly two miles high,’ added the Queen.
‘Never mind!’ said the King, with an air of great relief.
‘Never!’ said the Queen furiously, throwing an inkstand at the Lizard as she spoke.
‘No use, no use!’ said the King.
‘No, I don’t think it is,’ he said: ‘at least—not under here’.
‘No, Mr. Lockwood,’ said Nelly, shaking her head.
‘No, it can’t,’ said the Queen.
‘No, no!’ said the Queen.
‘No, you don’t understand,’ the Knight said, looking a little vexed.
‘No,’ said the Caterpillar.
‘Nobody said you did,’ said the Red Queen.
‘Nobody,’ said the messenger.
‘Nonsense!’ said Alice, very loudly and decidedly, and the Queen was silent.
‘Nor I,’ said the March Hare.
‘Not I!’ he replied.
‘Not at all,’ gruffly remarked the elder man.
‘Not at all,’ said the King.
‘Not yet, not yet!’ the Rabbit hastily interrupted.
‘Not yet,’ said the Knight.
‘Not you!’ Tweedledee retorted contemptuously.
‘Nothing whatever,’ said Alice.
‘Nothing whatever?’ persisted the King.
‘Nothing!’ Alice said impatiently.
‘Nothing,’ said Alice.
‘Now!’ cried the Queen.
‘Now, Kitty!’ she cried, clapping her hands triumphantly.
‘Of course twinkling begins with a T!’ said the King sharply.
‘Of course you agree to have a battle?’ Tweedledum said in a calmer tone.
‘Of course you don’t!’ the Hatter said, tossing his head contemptuously.
‘Of course,’ the Dodo replied very gravely.
‘Off with her head!’ the Queen shouted at the top of her voice.
‘Off with his head!’ she said, without even looking round.
‘Oh, don’t talk about trouble!’ said the Duchess.
‘Oh, hush!’ the Rabbit whispered in a frightened tone.
‘Oh, it’s too bad!’ she cried.
‘Oh, no, Sir,’ replied Mary eagerly.
‘Oh, you can’t help that,’ said the Cat: ‘we’re all mad here’.
‘Oh, you foolish Alice!’ she answered herself.
‘Oh, you sing,’ it said.
‘One, indeed!’ said the Dormouse indignantly.
‘Only a thimble,’ said Alice sadly.
‘Only in the usual way,’ Alice said, smiling.
‘Only you must eat them both, if you buy two,’ said the Sheep.
‘Open the bag!’ he whispered.
‘Please, would you tell me what you call yourself?’ she said timidly.
‘Please, would you tell me—’ she began, looking timidly at the Red Queen.
‘Pray don’t trouble yourself to say it any longer than that,’ said Alice.
‘Quite right,’ said the King: ‘this young lady saw him too’.
‘Repeat, “You are old, Father William,”’ said the Caterpillar.
‘Sap and sawdust,’ said the gnat.
‘Serpent!’ screamed the Pigeon.
‘Seven years and six months!’ Humpty Dumpty repeated thoughtfully.
‘Shall we try another figure of the Lobster Quadrille?’ it went on.
‘Shan’t,’ said the cook.
‘She boxed the Queen’s ears—’ the Rabbit began.
‘She can’t do addition,’ the Red Queen interrupted.
‘She can’t explain it,’ it said hastily.
‘She’s all right again now,’ said the Red Queen.
‘She’s coming!’ cried the Larkspur.
‘She’s grown a good deal!’ was her first remark.
‘She’s my prisoner, you know!’ the Red Knight said at last.
‘She’s tired, poor thing!’ said the Red Queen.
‘Show your ticket, child!’ the Guard went on, looking angrily at Alice.
‘Sixteenth,’ added the Dormouse.
‘So much obliged!’ added Tweedledee.
‘Speak when you’re spoken to!’ The Queen sharply interrupted her.
‘Speak, can’t you?’ he cried impatiently.
‘Speak, won’t you!’ cried the King.
‘Stand up and repeat “‘Tis the voice of the sluggard,”’ it said.
‘Stuff and nonsense!’ said Alice loudly.
‘Suppose we change the subject,’ the March Hare interrupted, yawning.
‘Supposing it couldn’t find any?’ she suggested.
‘Swim after them!’ it screamed.
‘Take a bone from a dog: what remains?’ Alice considered.
‘Take care!’ cried Alice.
‘Take off your hat,’ the King said to the Hatter.
‘Thank you very much,’ said Alice.
‘Thank you,’ said Alice, ‘it’s very interesting’.
‘That I can’t remember,’ said the Hatter.
‘That accounts for the bleeding, you see,’ she said to Alice with a smile.
‘That proves his guilt,’ said the Queen.
‘That seems to be done right—’ he began.
‘That’s all,’ said Humpty Dumpty.
‘That’s hardly enough,’ he said, anxiously.
‘That’s just what I complain of,’ said Humpty Dumpty.
‘That’s none of your business, Two!’ said Seven.
‘That’s right!’ said the Tiger-lily.
‘That’s right!’ shouted the Queen.
‘That’s very curious!’ she thought.
‘That’s very important,’ the King said, turning to the jury.
‘The daisies are worst of all.
‘Their heads are gone, if it please your Majesty!’ the soldiers shouted in reply.
‘Then if the dog went away, its temper would remain!’ the Queen exclaimed triumphantly.
‘Then it doesn’t matter which way you go,’ said the Cat.
‘Then it ought to be Number One,’ said Alice.
‘Then it wasn’t very civil of you to offer it,’ said Alice angrily.
‘Then the Dormouse shall!’ they both cried.
‘Then you should say what you mean,’ the March Hare went on.
‘There isn’t any,’ said the March Hare.
‘There’s nothing but hay left now,’ the Messenger said, peeping into the bag.
‘They are going to the Grange, then?’ I said.
‘They are, they are,’ ejaculated Mr. Tupman; ‘but not all men'.
‘They lived on treacle,’ said the Dormouse, after thinking a minute or two.
‘Thinking again?’ the Duchess asked, with another dig of her sharp little chin.
‘Three hundred and sixty-five,’ said Alice.
‘Tickets, please!’ said the Guard, putting his head in at the window.
‘To answer the door?’ he said.
‘To be sure I do.’ said Alice.
‘To guard against the bites of sharks,’ the Knight replied.
‘Too proud?’ the other inquired.
‘Treacle,’ said a sleepy voice behind her.
‘Treacle,’ said the Dormouse, without considering at all this time.
‘Turn a somersault in the sea!’ cried the Mock Turtle, capering wildly about.
‘Tut, tut, child!’ said the Duchess.
‘Very much indeed,’ said Alice.
‘Very true,’ said the Duchess: ‘flamingoes and mustard both bite’.
‘Very,’ said Alice: ‘—where’s the Duchess?’
‘Wake up, Dormouse!’ And they pinched it on both sides at once.
‘We wanted to plant some flowers there,’ she cried.
‘Well, only on Thursdays,’ said the Queen.
‘Well, this is grand!’ said Alice.
‘Well—yes—a little,’ Alice replied gently.
‘We’d better take it with us,’ the Knight said.
‘What a curious helmet you’ve got!’ she said cheerfully.
‘What a funny watch!’ she remarked.
‘What a number of cucumber-frames there must be!’ thought Alice.
‘What a thick black cloud that is!’ she said.
‘What are they doing?’ Alice whispered.
‘What can all that green stuff be?’ said Alice.
‘What do you call yourself?’ the Fawn said at last.
‘What do you know about this business?’ the King said to Alice.
‘What does it matter where my body happens to be?’ he said.
‘What else have you got in your pocket?’ he went on, turning to Alice.
‘What fun!’ it said, half to itself, half to Alice.
‘What impertinence!’ said the pudding.
‘What is it, now?’ the Frog said in a deep hoarse whisper.
‘What is the fun?’ said Alice.
‘What is the matter, my little man?’ I asked.
‘What is this?’ he said at last.
‘What size do you want to be?’ it asked.
‘What sort of things do you remember best?’ Alice ventured to ask.
‘What was that?’ inquired Alice.
‘What’s that you say?’ - pretending that the kitten was speaking.
‘Where do you come from?’ said the Red Queen.
‘Where shall I begin, please your Majesty?’ he asked.
‘Which door?’ said the Frog.
‘Who are at it again?’ she ventured to ask.
‘Who are you?’ said the Caterpillar.
‘Who ever said it was?’ said the Red Queen.
‘Who’s making personal remarks now?’ the Hatter asked triumphantly.
‘Why all round her head, of course,’ the Rose replied.
‘Why not?’ said the March Hare.
‘Why the Lion and the Unicorn, of course,’ said the King.
‘Why, I’ve done all the screaming already,’ said the Queen.
‘Why, because there’s nobody with me!’ cried Humpty Dumpty.
‘Why, she,’ it said.
‘Why, what are your shoes done with?’ it said.
‘Would it be of any use, now,’ thought Alice, ‘to speak to this mouse?
‘Would you like to see a little of it?’ said the Mock Turtle.
‘Yes!’ shouted Alice.
‘Yes, but then I came and rescued her!’ the White Knight replied.
‘Yes, if you like,’ said Alice.
‘Yes, please do!’ pleaded Alice.
‘Yes, pretty well—some poetry,’ Alice said doubtfully.
‘Yes,’ said Alice, ‘we learned French and music.’
‘You alarm me!’ said the King.
‘You are,’ said the King.
‘You can,’ replied Mr. Snodgrass.
‘You did!’ said the Hatter.
‘You did,’ said the Mock Turtle.
‘You don’t know what you’re talking about!’ cried Humpty Dumpty.
‘You must hit the trees pretty often, I should think,’ she said.
‘You seem very clever at explaining words, Sir,’ said Alice.
‘You take some flour—’ ‘Where do you pick the flower?’ the White Queen asked.
‘You’d better not talk!’ said Five.
‘You’re a very poor speaker,’ said the King.
‘You’re holding it upside down!’ Alice interrupted.
‘You’re thinking about something, my dear, and that makes you forget to talk.
‘You’ve been wrong!’ cried Tweedledum.
‘You’ve missed the soup and fish,’ she said.
‘—so long as I get somewhere,’ Alice added as an explanation.
“A bet,” I said.
“A ripping speech,” he said.
“A thousand thanks,” I said.
“Ah!” cried Miriam, and she looked at Paul, her dark eyes dilating.
“All right,” I said.
“And is Miss Darcy as handsome as her brother?” said Mrs. Gardiner.
“And is this all?” cried Elizabeth.
“And that’s all I get,” he moaned.
“And this is always the way with him,” she added.
“And what better chance could you ask?” I cried.
“Are you Alexander Turnbull?” he asked.
“Are you still at school?” asked Miriam of Beatrice.
“At your service,” he said politely.
“Because you were engrossed with Miriam,” replied she hotly.
“Beg pardon, Sir Harry,” said one.
“Bob’s got to go to town tonight,” he added, turning to me.
“Brazen hussy!” said she to Paul.
“But I don’t see,” he went on.
“But I’m a strong teetotaller,” he said pugnaciously.
“But he always gets better,” said Paul after a while.
“But what is to be done about Pemberley?” cried Mrs. Gardiner.
“By God, the murderer!” he cried.
“Can I speak to you?” he said.
“Can the dispositions not be changed?” I asked.
“Can this be Mr. Darcy?” thought she.
“Can you deny that you have done it?” she repeated.
“Can’t you trust us, mother?” he repeated, rather offended.
“Clear, isn’t it?” he said pleasantly.
“Come here, child,” cried her father as she appeared.
“Come in here a moment,” I said.
“Consider,” he said.
“Did you tell him what has happened?” he asked.
“Do you certainly leave Kent on Saturday?” said she.
“Do you like singing?” Miriam asked her.
“Do you swim?” said Paul.
“Do you wonder?” he cried.
“Does the new Surveyor know you?” I asked.
“Don’t get flustered, uncle,” he said.
“Don’t you see it’s a clue,” I shouted.
“Father!” said Paul, so that the word rang.
“First turn to the right up by the long fir-wood,” he enjoined.
“From Rhodesia, you remember.” “Good God, the murderer!” he choked.
“Good evening to you,” he said gravely.
“Good,” said Sir Harry.
“Have they gone?” I asked.
“He is perfectly well behaved, polite, and unassuming,” said her uncle.
“He is safe,” he cried.
“He must be an oddity, I think,” said she.
“Hello!” he said, seeing Paul bareheaded.
“Here!” piped Paul, small and inadequate.
“Here’s the most I can make of it,” I said.
“His father was an excellent man,” said Mrs. Gardiner.
“How Nellie will chuckle,” said the plump man.
“How nicely we are all crammed in,” cried Lydia.
“Hullo, Jopley,” I sang out.
“I am afraid he must put off his journey,” I said.
“I am thinking of what you have been telling me,” said she.
“I apologise to the shade of Scudder,” he said.
“I call it disgraceful,” he said, raising his voice.
“I can’t, guv’nor,” I said in a real beggar’s whine.
“I do not know when I have been more shocked,” said she.
“I don’t know what to make of it,” he said at last.
“I don’t know what you mean,” I said roughly.
“I have spoken to him,” he said.
“I meant to say, Yes.” I had forgotten all about my alias.
“I must see Sir Walter,” I panted.
“I see what you are feeling,” replied Charlotte.
“I see your design, Bingley,” said his friend.
“I want a word with you.” And I led him into the dining-room.
“I want it in five minutes,” he said.
“I want to write books,” he said.
“I wasn't up very early,” I said.
“I will call him Paul,” she said suddenly; she knew not why.
“I will tell you a tale,” he said.
“I'll see you get your papers in good time,” he said.
“If one could but go to Brighton!” observed Mrs. Bennet.
“Indeed I have, sir,” was her answer.
“Insolent girl!” said Elizabeth to herself.
“Is his Lordship at home?” I asked.
“Is it as late as that, mother?” he said.
“Is that place an inn?” I asked.
“Isn’t he shameless, Miriam?” “Quite,” said Miriam.
“It doesn’t hurt a bit,” said Paul.
“It’s a chance,” he said.
“It’s a wild road, mother,” said Paul.
“It’s easy speaking,” he moaned.
“It’s got to be more retired than that,” I said.
“It’s up the entry,” said Paul.
“I’ll light her the candle, mother,” he said.
“I’m a colonial and travel light.” “A colonial,” he cried.
“I’m going to teach Miriam algebra,” he said.
“I’m very sorry,” he said humbly.
“I’ve brought you the Portland Place murderer,” was Sir Walter’s introduction.
“Let us get on,” he said.
“Let us sit here a minute,” said Miriam.
“Let’s see,” said Paul.
“Listen, Sir Harry,” I said.
“Look at the time,” said the old man.
“Maybe, maybe,” said the old man.
“Meantime I vote we have a game of bridge,” said the plump one.
“Mining engineer,” I said.
“Morning,” said the last.
“Mr Hannay?” he said hesitatingly.
“Mr Scudder...” I stammered.
“My blame, sir,” I answered him.
“My business is desperately important.” That butler was a great man.
“My name’s Hannay,” I said.
“No,” I said.
“No,” said the Frenchman.
“Nonsense!” said the official from the Admiralty.
“Now let us have the little note-book,” said Sir Walter.
“Now, don’t waste it,” said the mother.
“Of course I do,” and he held out his hand.
“Oh no,” replied Miriam, without looking at him.
“Oh, Chubby!” Then she turned with that sweetish smile to she.
“Oh, damn,” said the young man.
“Oh, for God’s sake stop jawing,” I cried.
“Oh, how do you do, she!” she exclaimed.
“Pardon,” he said, “I’m a bit rattled tonight”.
“Quick!” cried Beatrice, giving Paul the scraped loaf.
“Scotland Yard,” I said.
“See here,” I whispered.
“She makes me feel uncomfortable,” said Paul.
“Should we go, mother?” he said.
“So?” he said, still smiling.
“Stop that row, Paddock,” I said.
“Tea is ready, mother,” she said in a musical, quiet voice.
“That’s what I tell him,” said the mother.
“That’s what comes of being a teetotaller,” he observed in bitter regret.
“The Black Stone,” he repeated.
“The boy’s uncle is down there,” said Jip quietly.
“There’s a terrible heap of silver in it,” he said.
“There’s two chaps below looking for you,” he whispered.
“There’s worse jobs and there’s better,” I said sententiously.
“These were never made by a country shoemaker.” “They were not,” I said readily.
“They could,” he said.
“This bread’s a fine sight, Paul,” said Annie.
“This fellow is all right.” They asked one last question.
“Very well,” replied the mother.
“Walter he!” came the ringing voice.
“Was it as bad as that?” he asked ruefully.
“We have such jolly times,” Miriam said to Clara.
“We mean regular staircases,” I said.
“Well met, my lad!” He got a horrid fright.
“Well, my lad!” he’s eyes were wet.
“Well, you can if you like,” said Fanny.
“We’re on the scent at last,” I cried excitedly.
“What do you want to be?” his mother asked.
“What does it feel like?” I asked.
“What have you been doing all morning?” asked Paul of Miriam.
“What matters it how far we go?” his scaly friend replied.
“What song was that?” asked Miriam.
“What was your job in Rhodesia, Mr Hannay?” he asked.
“What’s my dad eating his snap for now?” asked Arthur.
“What’s that?” I asked.
“Where did you find out this story?” I asked.
“Where is Scudder’s book?” I cried to Sir Walter.
“Who dost reckon this is?” he asked of his wife.
“Who the devil are you?” he gasped.
“Why not?” murmured Miriam huskily.
“Will yer?” he said, quiet and intense.
“Will you oblige me with the story of your recent doings?” he asked.
“Yes and no,” he said.
“Yes,” replied Miriam in her musical tone.
“Yes,” replied Miriam, as she walked at his side.
“You are too hasty, sir,” she cried.
“You begin to comprehend me, do you?” cried he, turning towards her.
“You can take up your life where you left off,” I was told.
“You may dismiss the police from your mind,” he said.
“You mean Miss Limb?” asked Miriam.
“You seem in a hurry, my friend,” he said slowly.
“Your horse is a fine fellow!” said Clara.
“Your paper woke them up,” he said gleefully.
“You’ll know me next time, guv’nor,” I said.
“You’re the right sort of fellow,” he said.
“You’re young to be an innkeeper,” I said.
“You’ve a fine taste in boots,” he said.If I knew it, I would have told you.
Why didn't you phone me up?
I'm not so sure how I feel about dress codes.
I really don't like dress codes.
It's only a matter of days before the book gets published.
Why are you blaming me?
I saw Louis the other day, he was super concerned about you.
Open the shutters and turn off the lights — we can't afford to waste energy!
Just, how big is that closet?
Did you really think it through?
It's freezing outside!
Why do you think awkward silences make us so uncomfortable?
Tyler, Lucy, Michelle, we're going to space!
That tree is not gonna last more than a year or so.
It's shooting branches from the trunk, which means it can't properly get its sap to the top.
Did the president just lie again?
Read some books, won't you?
Reading or not, it's to you, really.
Funny how that one is the only chimney not producing any smoke.
Now, imagine a guy walking through that door and starting to give orders with a heavy accent.
That's pretty creepy if you ask me.
Why didn't you object when you could?
Can I have some of your tasty beverage?
We've been asked to cease and desist, so let us do neither of those things.
Would you believe he actually asked me out?
Can you come pick me up at the office?
I'll catch a bus.
Technically, breaking a mirror is not five years, but seven years of bad luck.
What would you say is the difference between a language and a dialect?
He took a sip from his coffee cup and shook his head.
This statement is completely false.
Try to make eye contact with a stranger on the bus, and hold it for five seconds, without speaking.
Aw man, that's terrible!
The CEO of that Japanese company resigned.
To understand recursion, one must first learn about recursion.
Flick that switch for me, will you?
He stood up, and by the time he went back to his seat everybody in the room was questioning the meaning of life.
The problem is that there is no problem when there should have been one.
Jacqueline, Micheal and Nicholas were often called Jack, Mike and Nokia.
The Poles, meaning the Polish people, obtained independence.
Have you ever been to Singapore?
Well, then, allow me to retort.
If she said “Jump”, he would ask “How high?”
Phil, will you take a stance on this matter?
So you are saying that overpopulation will become an issue?
In “Education” there is no U and I... Wait, actually, I guess there is.
Can you file these files, please?
In origin, heroin was supposed to be the “non-addictive morphine substitute.”
Well, I can guess how that turned out.
If you want to contradict what I just said, you will have to provide footnotes.
I was screwing the screw with a screwdriver, then I said “Screw it.”
Peace came years after the war.
Have you ever been to a theater?
It's funny to observe the rhetoric tricks politicians use when speaking.
Are you ready to hear my counterargument?
Do you ever doodle things on a piece of paper when you're bored?
Oh, look, they opened a Sushi bar around the corner!
I feel a sharp pain in my left arm.
My mother has Parkinson's.
I do not accept that diagnosis.
I have a headache and a sore throat.
She broke her arm in several places.
Her niece is a diabetic.
My grandmother has Type One diabetes.
My mother has Type Two diabetes.
Yesterday, he went to an STD clinic to test for herpes.
She was just diagnosed with uterine cancer.
Because she is diabetic, a low-carbohydrate diet is recommended.
Please tell me more about your symptoms.
Can you tell me where it hurts?
How long have you been experiencing these symptoms?
Is there a history of heart disease in your family?
How many alcoholic beverages do you consume each week?
On a scale from one (for not at all) and ten (for very much), how much pain do you feel?
Yesterday, I asked my doctor for a new prescription.
Because of my depression, I have been recommended to see a psychiatrist.
His grandfather was an abusive alcoholic.
Tomorrow morning, she will check into the hospital.
The hospital is hiring nurses.
I need to go to the emergency room.
The doctor says that she will see you now.
The doctor will see you in the morning.
At the hospital, I met a very nice nurse.
I was the only patient in the waiting room.
I pressed the button for my nurse, but he did not come.
Take this pill twice daily, once in the morning and once at bedtime.
There were a lot of people in the waiting room.
I took a number and found my seat.
There was an older man sitting next to me who held a cat on his lap.
I could hear a man crying out in pain in the dentist's office.
Sometimes, I experience so much pain that I cannot sleep at night.
The waiting room smelled of sickness and death.
Her body was lost among the many others in the city morgue.
In the morning, I will visit the dentist.
The receptionist gave the smiling little boy a pink lollipop.
There was an angry red gash on his forehead.
My nurse told me his name.
A group of doctors examined the patient's medical charts.
The very next day, he woke refreshed.
He was depressed and suicidal.
After the last patient left, the doctor carefully washed her hands.
How long have you had this bruise?
The medical examiner reported that the cause of death was a homicide.
No, you cannot have that lollipop.
Yes, this is the right place.
You should take your time in finding a good doctor.
Three weeks later, he was feeling a lot better.
The wound healed faster than anyone expected.
She lost her sight in a childhood accident.
I think I am catching a cold.
Vaccines can provide some protection during flu season.
Do you think we will ever find a cure for cancer?
I like reading about medical mysteries, don't you?
On Sunday mornings, he puts on his slippers and reads the newspaper on the cold patio.
My doctor received her medical degree from a prestigious university.
Make sure you get a doctor's note!
I am allergic to penicillin.
A friend's frown is better than a fool's smile.
A friend in need is a friend indeed.
A friend is easier lost than found.
A friend to everybody is a friend to nobody.
A problem shared is a problem halved.
A true friend is someone who reaches for your hand, but touches your heart.
False friends are worse than open enemies.
Flattery is all right so long as you don't inhale.
Give credit where credit is due.
Grief divided is made lighter.
Memory is the treasure of the mind.
Nothing dries sooner than a tear.
Old friends and old wine are best.
The best of friends must part.
The best things are not bought and sold.
There is no better looking-glass than an old friend.
To err is human To forgive divine.
Two cannot fall out if one does not choose.
A loveless life is a living death.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
All's fair in love and war.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
Before you meet the handsome prince you have to kiss a lot of toads.
Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all.
Cold hands, warm heart.
Distance makes the heart grow fonder.
Faint heart never won fair lady.
First impressions are the most lasting.
Hatred is as blind as love.
Love and a cough cannot be hid.
Love does much but money does all.
Love levels all inequalities.
Love makes a good eye squint.
Love sees no faults.
Love sought is good, but given unsought is better.
Love to live and live to love.
Love with life is heaven; and life unloving, hell.
Man is the head but woman turns it.
Marry in haste, repent at leisure.
The course of love never did run smooth.
The Lord loveth a cheerful liar.
There is a thin line between love and hate.
To eat one's heart out.
True beauty lies within.
You can't live on bread alone.
A good friend is one's nearest relation.
A man is known by the company he keeps.
A man of straw needs a woman of gold.
A wink is as good as a nod, to a blind man.
An injury is forgiven better than an injury revenged.
Anger and hate hinder good counsel.
Appearances are deceptive.
At a round table there's no dispute about the place.
Attack is the best form of defense.
Be slow in choosing, but slower in changing.
Behind every great man stands a strong woman.
Blood is thicker than water.
Cheerfulness smooths the road of life.
Confess and be hanged.
Conscience makes cowards of us all.
Don't blow your own trumpet.
Do as you would be done by.
Do unto others as you would have them do to you.
Grow angry slowly; there's plenty of time.
He bears misery best that hides it most.
He that hurts another, hurts himself.
He who wronged you will hate you.
Heavy givers are light complainers.
I am rubber and you are glue. Your words bounce off me and stick to you.
If you lose your temper, don't look for it.
It's not over till it's over.
Joy shared is double joy; grief shared is only half grief.
Laugh and the world laughs with you. Cry and you cry alone.
Never let the sun set on angry heart.
Never let the sun go down on your anger.
Never let the sun set on thy wrath.
Never quarrel with one's bread and butter.
No man or woman is worth your tears, and the one who is, won't make you cry.
Open confession is good for the soul.
Out of sight, out of mind.
Patience is a virtue.
Persuasion is better than force.
Spare the rod and spoil the child.
Temper is so good a thing that we should never lose it.
To the world you may be one person, but to one person, you may be the world.
Wondrous is the strength of cheerfulness.
You made your bed, now you must lie in it.
A bully is always a coward.
A handsome shoe often pinches the foot.
A good thing is all the sweeter when won with pain.
A man too careful of danger lives in continual torment.
A miss is as good as a mile.
Adversity flatters no man.
Adversity and loss make a man wise.
All promises are either broken or kept.
All things come to those that wait.
An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth.
An open door may tempt a saint.
As one door closes, another always opens.
As you go through life, make this your goal, watch the doughnut and not the hole.
Brevity is the soul of wit.
Cut your coat according to the cloth.
Discretion is the better part of valour.
Do right and fear no man.
Easy come, easy go.
Experience is the hardest teacher. She gives the test first and the lesson afterwards.
Familiarity breeds contempt.
Fortune favours the brave.
He who laughs last, laughs longest.
Home is where the heart is.
Hope for the best and prepare for the worst.
If wishes were horses, beggars would ride.
In the country of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
It never rains but it pours.
Leave tomorrow till tomorrow.
Life begins at forty.
Lifes trials may be hard to bear, but patience can outlive them.
Live and learn.
Manners maketh the man.
No man is worse for knowing the worst of himself.
Only the good die young.
Procrastination is the thief of time.
The best things in life are free.
The family that prays together, stays together.
The longer you live the more you see.
The meek shall inherit the earth.
The receiver is as bad as the thief.
To wait and be patient soothes many a pang.
Up and down like a fiddler's elbow.
Useless as a screen door on a submarine.
We cannot erase the sad records from our past.
What the eye doesn't see, the heart doesn't grieve over.
While there's life there's hope.
After dinner rest a while, after supper walk a mile.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.
A drowning man will clutch at a straw.
An onion a day keeps everyone away.
Another pot ! Try the teapot.
As fit as a fiddle.
As hard as nails.
As sick as a dog.
Be not a baker if your head is made of butter.
Beauty is but skin deep.
Better late thrive than never do well.
Better to be poor and healthy rather than rich and sick.
Better to wear out than rust out.
Bread never falls but on its buttered side.
Cleanliness is next to Godliness.
Content is health to the sick and riches to the poor.
Don't bite the hand that feeds you.
Drink like a fish, water only.
Early to bed, early to rise, makes you healthy, wealthy & wise.
Fair words butter no cabbage.
Good wine ruins the purse, and bad wine ruins the stomach.
Greediness burst the bag.
Grumbling makes the loaf no larger.
Half a loaf is better than none.
He who drinks a little too much drinks much too much.
He who rises late must trot all day.
His eyes are bigger than his belly.
Hunger is the best sauce.
It is no use crying over spilt milk.
One man's meat is another man's poison.
Ready money is ready medicine.
Sound as a bell.
The nearer the bone the sweeter the meat.
The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
There's many a slip, twixt cup and the lip.
To add insult to injury.
To look as if butter will not melt in his mouth.
Too many cooks spoil the broth.
What can't be cured must be endured.
What you eat today walks and talks tomorrow.
You are what you eat.
You can't have your cake and eat it too.
You can eat an elephant if you do it one mouthful at a time.
You can't unscramble a scrambled egg.
A fool uttereth all his mind.
A bad excuse is better then none.
Actions speak louder than words.
Angry words fan the fire like wind.
Bad news travels fast.
Call a spade a spade.
Do as I say not as I do.
Don't advertise: Tell it to a gossip.
Don't go off half-cocked.
Few words and many deeds.
For donkeys' ages.
Gossips are frogs, they drink and talk.
He who sings drives away sorrow.
If you don't say it you will not have to unsay it.
It takes two to have an argument.
Keep your mouth shut and your eyes open.
Listen to the pot calling the kettle black.
Many a true word spoken in jest.
No news is good news.
Nothing is ill said if it is not ill taken.
One picture is worth a thousand words.
Say what you mean and mean what you say.
Self praise is no recomendation.
Silence is an excellent remedy against slander.
Silence is golden.
Silence is less injurious than a bad reply.
Since before cocky was an egg.
Speak clearly, if you speak at all.
Sticks and stones may break my bones but words will never hurt me.
Stop beating around the bush.
Take your wife's first advice.
Talking comes by nature, silence by wisdom.
A change is as good as a rest.
A stitch in time saves nine.
A throne is only a bench covered in purple velvet.
A wise man shall hold his tongue till he sees his opportunity.
Accidents will happen.
All's well that ends well.
Attack is the best means of defence.
Charity begins at home.
Different strokes for different folks.
Do not in an instant what an age cannot recompense.
Don't knock on death's door, ring the doorbell and run.
Don't try to teach your grand-mother to suck eggs.
Empty vessels make the most sound.
Empty barrels make the most noise.
Four eyes are better than two.
He who fights and runs away, lives to fight another day.
Innocent as a new born babe.
It's an ill wind that blows no-one some good.
It is better to stay silent and be thought a fool, than to open one's mouth and remove all doubt.
Necessity is the mother of invention.
No one can be caught in places he does not visit.
No wise man ever wishes to be younger.
Not in a month of Sundays.
One mans junk is another man's treasure.
Out of the frying pan into the fire.
Show a clean pair of heels.
Still waters run deep.
The darkest hour is before the dawn.
The wise shall understand.
Those who don't learn from history are doomed to repeat it.
Tomorrow is a new day.
Two heads are better than one.
You can't tell a book by its cover.
Where observation is concerned, chance favours only the prepared mind.
Where there's smoke there's fire.
Wisdom is better than strength.
Wisdom is neither inheritance nor a legacy.
Wisdom is the wealth of the wise.
Wise it is to comprehend the whole.
You can't put an old head on young shoulders.
You never know what you can do till you try.
A bad workman blames his tools.
A good reputation is a fair estate.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
An idle man is the devil's playfellow.
Diligence is the mother of good luck.
Don't try kicking against the wind.
Everybody must row with the oars he has.
Hard work never did anyone any harm.
If a job is worth doing it is worth doing well.
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
If you can't help, don't hinder.
If you see something you like, take it and make it better.
It's all in a days work.
Laziness travels so slowly that poverty soon overtakes it.
Least talk most work.
Many hands make light work.
More haste less speed.
Needs must when the devil drives.
Never put off 'til tomorrow what you can do today.
No life can be dreary when work is a delight.
Not to break is better than to mend.
The devil finds work for idle hands.
The harder you work, the luckier you are.
The hardest work is to do nothing.
Work as if everything depends on me, but pray as if everything depends on God.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
A bird makes his nest little by little.
A cat has nine lives.
All cats are grey in the dark.
An elephant never forgets.
An old fox need learn no craft.
Birds of a feather flock together.
Curiosity killed the cat; Satisfaction brought it back.
Curses, like chickens come home to roost.
Don't count your chickens before they hatch.
Every dog has its day.
His bark is louder than his bite.
If you lie down with dogs, you'll get up with fleas.
It's an ill bird that fouls its own nest.
It's an old dog for a hard road.
It's no use closing the stable door, after the horse has bolted.
Kill two birds with the one stone.
Let sleeping dogs lie.
Like a fish out of water.
Never look a gift horse in the mouth.
No sense closing the barn door after the horse has bolted.
Nothing falls into the mouth of a sleeping fox.
Putting the cart before the horse.
Sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander.
The early bird catches the worm.
The leopard does not change his spots.
The sleepy fox catches no chickens.
There's no use in flogging a dead horse.
To scare a bird is not the way to catch it.
What do you expect from a pig, but a grunt?
When a fox hears a rabbit screaming it comes running, but not to help.
While the cats away the mice play.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him drink.
You can't make a silk purse out of a sow's ear.
A chain is no stronger than its weakest link.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
After the storm comes the calm.
All aren't hunters that blow the horn.
As green as grass.
As is the gardener so is the garden.
As you sow, so shall you reap.
Best to bend it while it's a twig.
Better to go back than go wrong.
By hook or by crook.
Deeds are fruits, words are but leaves.
Distance lends enhancement to the view.
Don't count your chickens before they are hatched.
Don't cross your bridges until you come to them.
Empty bags cannot stand upright.
Every cloud has a silver lining.
Every path has its puddle.
Fresh as a daisy.
Good company on the road is the shortest cut.
It is better to be green and growing than ripe and rotten.
Leave no stone unturned.
Like looking for a needle in a haystack.
Make hay while the sun shines.
Milk the cow but don't pull off the udder.
Never cackle unless you lay.
Oaks may fall when reeds take the storm.
Shake the hand before you plough the field.
Strike while the iron's hot.
The beaten path is safest.
The best ground bears weeds as well as flowers.
The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence.
The longest journey begins with the first step.
The longest way round is the sweetest way home.
The more you stir, the more it stinks.
The sun shines on both sides of the hedge.
The worst wheel always creaks most.
Too many irons in the fire.
You can't get blood out of a stone.
A little body doth often harbour a great soul.
A point is the beginning of magnitude.
A spark can start a great fire.
A short cut is often a wrong cut.
Big fish eat little fish.
Everything has an end.
Fall seven times. Stand up eight.
First in best dressed.
From trivial things, great contests often arise.
Give them an inch and they'll take a mile.
Grow angry slowly, there's plenty of time.
He who hesitates is lost.
It's either all or nothing.
It is easier to destroy than to build.
It is the first step that is difficult.
Little strokes fell great oaks.
Lost time is never found again.
Many drops make a shower.
Mighty oaks from tiny acorns grow.
Necessity is a hard nurse, but she raises strong children.
Rome wasn't built in a day.
Seize the day.
Small faults indulged let in greater.
Some of the best gifts come in small packages.
Step by step one goes far.
You have to crawl before you walk.
A bad penny always comes back.
A light purse makes a heavy heart.
A little each day is much in a year.
A man's intentions seldom add to his income.
A penny saved is a penny earned.
A poor man is better than a liar.
A single penny fairly got is worth a thousand that are not.
Always you are to be rich next year.
Beggars can't be choosers.
Better to have than to wish.
Diamonds are forever.
Every man has his price.
Every man is the architect of his destiny.
Experience is the father of wisdom.
Fair exchange is no robbery.
He has enough who is content.
He that pays last never pays twice.
He is rich that is satisfied.
In for a penny, in for a pound.
It is better to be born lucky than rich.
Little and often fill the purse.
Little thieves are hanged, but great ones escape.
Money burns a hole in your pocket.
Never spend your money before you have it.
One today is worth two tomorrows.
Penny wise, pound foolish.
Take care of the pence and the pounds will take care of themselves.
The best cast at dice is not to play.
The love of money is the root of all evil.
There is no honour among thieves.
Waste not, want not.
A good conscience is a soft pillow.
A good thing is soon snatched up.
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing.
Better safe than sorry.
Better late than never.
Business before pleasure.
Credit won by lying is quick in dying.
Damage suffered makes you knowing, but seldom rich.
Desperate diseases must have desperate remedies.
Divide and conquer.
Don't rely on the label on the bag.
Don't throw the baby out with the bath-water.
Don't put all your eggs in one basket.
Experience is the best teacher.
First come, first served.
Fore-warned is fore-armed.
Hasty climbers have sudden falls.
Hasty judgements are generally faulty.
Honesty is the best policy.
If anything can go wrong, it will.
If you don't know where you're going, then the journey is never ending.
It's a poor job that can't carry one boss.
Keep It Simple The KISS principal.
Let the buyer beware.
Look before you leap.
Nobody can serve two masters.
One false move may lose the game.
One man's loss, is another man's gain.
Peace begins just where ambition ends.
Possession is nine tenths of the law.
Rules are made to be broken.
The customer is always right.
The gods help them that help themselves.
The golden age never was the present one.
To each his own.
We do not always gain by changing.
Where there's a will there's a way.
A fool and his money are soon parted.
A fool in a gown is none the wiser.
A wise man doesn't need advice, and a fool won't take it.
Advice when most needed is least heeded.
Always in a hurry, always behind.
Cheap is dear in the long run.
Cut off one's nose to spite one's face.
Empty vessels make the most noise.
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
He who won't be advised, can't be helped.
If the cap fits, wear it.
In one ear and out the other.
It can't happen here is number one on the list of famous last words.
One of these days is none of these days.
Pride cometh before a fall.
Pride feels no pain.
See nothing, say nothing, know nothing.
The bigger they are the harder they fall.
The fool wanders, the wise man travels.
The hood does not make the monk.
The wise man is deceived once but the fool twice.
There is no fool like an old fool.
Use not today what tomorrow will need.
What's the good of home, if you are never in it?
You cannot lose what you never had.
In the ensuing panic, police opened fire on the crowd and each other.
Egoist anarchists argue that egoism will foster genuine and spontaneous union between individuals.
Thus both economically and politically the Paris Commune was heavily influenced by anarchist ideas.
Some alternative treatments may place the child at risk.
As new genetic tests are developed several ethical, legal, and social issues will emerge.
Several lines of evidence point to synaptic dysfunction as a cause of autism.
The glint of light off water is a commonplace effect of this.
This feedback loop results in a reduced albedo effect.
These variants, the "Italic" and "Roman" forms, were derived from the Caroline Script version.
Variants also existed that were intermediate between the monumental and cursive styles.
During Roman times, there were many variant forms of the letter "A".
However, most of the Democratic sheriffs preside over rural and less populated counties.
A majority of people in the state identify as Evangelical Protestant.
There has been a significant movement to rewrite and modernize Alabama's constitution.
His mother Thetis comes to comfort the distraught Achilles.
Odysseus eventually gave the armour to Neoptolemus, the son of Achilles.
The kings of Epirus claimed to be descended from Achilles through his son, Neoptolemus.
He noted that Lincoln used ethnic slurs and told jokes that ridiculed blacks.
She never replied and the courtship ended.
The emancipation of slaves was now part of the national war effort.
Though interest in Aristotle's ideas survived, they were generally taken unquestioningly.
Water tends toward a sphere surrounding the center.
Gershwin composed "An American in Paris" on commission from the conductor Walter Damrosch.
Yet after playing for her, she told him she could not teach him.
Conductor Walter Damrosch had cut them shortly before the first performance.
It is awarded to the best interior design in a film.
Until then, foreign-language films had been honored with the Special Achievement Award.
For the first six ceremonies, the eligibility period spanned two calendar years.
The Board of Governors meets each year and considers new award categories.
The film has no male actors, with all roles played by females.
Over three million copies have been sold.
It also airs on Minimax for the Czech Republic and Slovakia.
Specifically, both Julian Dates and the Gregorian calendar are used.
The clocks at different institutions are regularly compared against each other.
During this time, irregularities in the atomic time were detected and corrected.
The monks have to observe them very strictly.
It cannot independently bestow reward or punishment.
Altruism figures prominently in Buddhism.
During Rand's lifetime her work received little attention from academic scholars.
She described her own approach to literature as "romantic realism".
Rand's work continues to be among the top sellers among books in India.
Alain Connes studies operator algebras.
He was a member of Bourbaki.
Flying A was one of the first motion pictures studios in California history.
The new leader received the title of dey.
Sonatrach, the national oil company, is the largest company in Africa.
Albert Camus was an Algerian-born French Pied-Noir author.
Dagny Taggart is the protagonist of the novel.
This prototype was found by Dagny Taggart and Hank Rearden.
Anthropology has diversified from a few major subdivisions to dozens more.
Economic, environmental, and social aspects of agriculture sciences are subjects of ongoing debate.
For example, lead was externally cold and dry, while gold was hot and moist.
By purifying the two parts of man's soul, man could be reunited with God.
The number of professional astronomers in the United States is actually quite small.
Observational astronomers make direct observations of planets, stars and galaxies, and analyze the data.
Taking courses that teach how to research, write and present papers are also invaluable.
In some printers, the high bit was used to enable Italics printing.
Unix and Unix-like systems, and Amiga systems, adopted this convention from Multics.
Over time this meaning has been co-opted and has eventually been changed.
With its popularity, a large amount of criticism has arisen, especially animated feature-length films.
Television significantly decreased public attention to the animated shorts being shown in theaters.
Criticism of animation has been common in media and cinema since its inception.
Cassandra, was daughter of Hecuba and Priam, and Troilus' half-sister.
Hera sent the serpent to hunt Leto to her death across the world.
Some of the earliest temples, especially in Crete, don't belong to any Greek order.
They launched a furniture line called Agassi Graf Collection.
Courier emerged the victor in a five-set final.
In the series season finale, he beat Michael Chang for the Acura Champions Cup.
However, no evidence for this classification has ever been published.
Little work has been done on the Munda languages, which are not well documented.
The phylum has six branches: Berber, Chadic, Cushitic, Egyptian, Omotic and Semitic.
These classifications relied in part on non-linguistic anthropological and racial arguments.
This gives us a minimum date for the age of Afroasiatic.
Responsibility for defending the nation rests primarily with France and Spain.
The Parliament of Andorra is known as the General Council.
The General Council is also responsible for proposing and passing laws.
For example, per capita income is the arithmetic average income of a nation's population.
Particular care must be taken when using cyclic data, such as phases or angles.
There are applications of this phenomenon in many fields.
This assignment shifts each year and will follow a standard cycle.
This arrangement lasted for one season only before the two teams switched conferences.
The team would change its name again, two years later, to the Tennessee Titans.
Other publishers were still declining to publish it.
Through a young pig named Squealer, Napoleon claims credit for the windmill idea.
Some time later, several men attack Animal Farm.
The secretion is often sticky and distasteful or toxic.
The eel-like larvae hatch out of the eggs and make their way to water.
The majority of salamanders also engage in internal fertilisation.
The Supreme Court hears civil appeals and may in its discretion hear criminal appeals.
There are more than a dozen colleges and universities in Alaska.
The Aleutian Islands chain extends west from the southern tip of the Alaska Peninsula.
Some farmers use irrigation to supplement rainfall.
Pest control includes the management of weeds, insects, mites, and diseases.
These shipments are made using fossil fuel burning modes of transportation.
His brother Julian Huxley and half-brother Andrew Huxley also became outstanding biologists.
As a child, Huxley's nickname was "Ogie", short for "Ogre".
Words, even the pregnant words of poets, do not evoke pictures in my mind.
Maerl is commonly used as a soil conditioner.
Some retain plastids, but not chloroplasts, while others have lost plastids entirely.
Meiosis has been shown to occur in many different species of algae.
However, there is a concern about identifiability.
The analysis of variance provides the formal tools to justify these intuitive judgments.
Simple comparisons compare one group mean with one other group mean.
Together, alkanes are known as the "paraffin series".
Trivial names for compounds are usually historical artifacts.
The molecular structure of the alkanes directly affects their physical and chemical characteristics.
Remand is not required where there is nothing left to do in the case.
In other words, after looking at the case, they chose not to say anything.
Another issue suitable for appeal in criminal cases is effective assistance of counsel.
Criminal cases may lead to fines or other punishment, such as imprisonment.
In some jurisdictions, courts able to hear appeals are known as an appellate division.
The phrase "court of appeals" most often refers to intermediate appellate courts.
In some areas the appellate court has limited powers of review.
The court is not required to accept a guilty plea.
The judge will testify during the indictment process.
The wording of the arraignment varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.
Others prefer "The Star-Spangled Banner" for the same reason.
A hymn tune composed by Samuel A.
It quickly caught the public's fancy.
Keep this in mind as nomenclature is often interchanged.
Similar to desktop video magnifiers, this technology assists people with low vision.
Assistive technology in sport is an area of technology design that is growing.
Its complete meaning was taken as: counting with small similar elements by somebody.
To Poncelet's French contemporaries, it was something new.
The groove marked I indicates units, X tens, and so on up to millions.
They can also quantitatively stabilize carbocations.
Stronger acids have a larger "K" and a more negative p"K" than weaker acids.
Further processing is possible by "blowing" the product: namely reacting it with oxygen.
Selenizza is mainly used as an additive in the road construction sector.
Parking lots that use asphalt alternatives are called green parking lots.
Armalcolite was named after Armstrong, Aldrin, and Collins.
President Richard Nixon was aboard "Hornet" to personally welcome the astronauts back to Earth.
The raft containing decontamination materials was then intentionally sunk.
They remained unopened, even years after the flight.
By this time, the crew had completely abandoned the planned sleep shifts.
These temperatures could cause the heat shield to crack and propellant lines to burst.
Inspired partly by these missions, other synonyms for astronaut have entered occasional English usage.
Akiyama suffered severe space sickness during his mission, which affected his productivity.
The word itself had been known earlier.
The pamphlet targets reformers who "regard people as commodities".
The essay has been emulated many times.
Furthermore, "in the mercantilist view no child was too young to go into industry".
Finally, they may be used to synthesise other organometallic compounds through metal-halogen exchange.
All the alkali metals react vigorously with oxygen at standard conditions.
Other solid deposits include halite, amphibole, cryolite, nitratine, and zeolite.
In Korea, the Hangul alphabet was created by Sejong the Great.
By the tenth century, two other forms can be distinguished, namely Canaanite and Aramaic.
The Greek word was made from the first two letters, "alpha" and "beta".
The atomic number uniquely identifies a chemical element.
A simple numbering based on periodic table position was never entirely satisfactory, however.
Some protozoans can form multicellular colonies.
Neurons can be connected together in ganglia.
Academic anatomists are usually employed by universities, medical schools or teaching hospitals.
Any number of other ways exist to be rich.
The colonel has found such a letter, but with the Chaplain's name signed.
He also wrote "Sculpting in Time", a book on film theory.
Few prints were made and the film-makers received no returns.
Tarkovsky is mainly known as a film director.
The reader is supposed to guess from the context.
However, for various reasons, several lexical, syntactic and semantic ambiguities remain.
Languages composed from many diverse sources contain much ambiguity and inconsistency.
Whereas the aardvark is considered digitigrade, it appears at time to be plantigrade.
Due to their stringent diet requirements, they require a large range to survive.
Aardvarks handle captivity well.
It is missing the throat spot that others in the family have.
The front feet have five toes each, unlike the four-toed hyena.
Aardwolves also have scent glands on the forefoot and penile pad.
The container is shaken vigorously for one minute.
The soil composition typically contains sand, silt and clay.
Adobe bricks are laid by course.
It may also be a bold, usually risky undertaking, with an uncertain outcome.
From ancient times, travelers and explorers have written about their adventures.
Documentaries often use the theme of adventure as well.
A number of theories have been published.
The Yangtze River in China is the longest river in the continent.
However, it is mostly concentrated in South Asia.
The size of the agriculture and manufacturing sectors also remains minimal.
The flora of Aruba differs from the typical tropical island vegetation.
Today, the influence of the oil processing business is minimal.
New Jersey, Delaware and Maryland could not, since their states had not ratified.
Yet Congress had no power to enforce attendance.
The Senate then adjourned to the first Monday in August next.
Stocks of northern shrimp and Norwegian lobster are in good condition.
This period also saw the first stages of the uplift of the Atlas Mountains.
In general, winds transport moisture and air over land areas.
Will, for Schopenhauer, is what Kant called the "thing-in-itself".
References to Eastern philosophy and religion appear frequently in his writing.
Scholars have started to revise earlier views about Schopenhauer's discovery of Buddhism.
The Angolan government has contracted the restoration of many of the country's roads.
For decades, political power has been concentrated in the presidency.
Homosexual acts are currently illegal in Angola.
The largest religious denomination is Catholicism, to which adheres about half the population.
The risk of contracting disease is very high.
The Population Department of the United Nations prepared the following estimates.
Executive power is exercised by the government.
The elections however have been described as only partly free but certainly not fair.
The ongoing grave economic situation largely prevents any government support for social institutions.
Not all public construction projects are functional.
Some efforts to recover have gone forward, however, notably in fisheries.
Nevertheless, a legacy of fiscal mismanagement and corruption persists.
The Benguela Railway already connects to the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Angola plans to build an oil refinery in Lobito in the coming years.
There are airstrips for domestic transport at Benguela, Cabinda, Huambo, Namibe, and Catumbela.
A separate tank brigade and special forces brigade were also reported.
It includes a Marines Brigade and a Marines School, based in Ambriz.
However, elements of the commandos, special operations and marines are parachute qualified.
Angola has an embassy in Moscow and an honorary consulate in Saint Petersburg.
Japan maintains an embassy at Luanda and Angola has an embassy in Tokyo.
Angolan-Nigerian relations are primarily based on their roles as oil exporting nations.
He served on the Texas frontier at Fort Mason and elsewhere in the West.
After his appointment, Johnston immediately headed for his new territory.
The enlistments of his volunteers ran out just before the Battle of Monterrey.
It was capable of playing the organ.
The robot features an elastic mask made from the average head dummy.
Androids are a staple of science fiction.
The Government of Alberta is organized as a parliamentary democracy with a unicameral legislature.
Lake Louise and Mount Alberta were also named in her honour.
Male territoriality "preadapts" a species for evolving male parental care.
There are a few examples of fish that self-fertilise.
However other patterns of ontogeny exist, with one of the commonest being sequential hermaphroditism.
He also submitted various suggestions as to its initial programs.
The letters were included in the papers bequeathed to The Hebrew University.
Einstein was still undecided on his future.
Experts believe that this will revolutionize the economy of the region.
There are various proposals for the construction of additional rail lines in the country.
The leading causes of death are cardiovascular disease, trauma, cancer, and respiratory disease.
The higher inland mountains receive less precipitation than the intermediate uplands.
Albania normally competes in events that include swimming, athletics, weightlifting, shooting and wrestling.
The word ' is always written without an to spell the ' vowel.
The Qur'an's Allah is the same Creator God who covenanted with Abraham.
The term may have been vague in the Meccan religion.
Its current editor-in-chief is Henning Fernau.
Azerbaijani Major-General Azi Aslanov was twice awarded the Hero of the Soviet Union.
Novruz is a family holiday.
When performing mugham, the singers have to transform their emotions into singing and music.
Collectively, amateur astronomers observe a variety of celestial objects and phenomena.
Computerized systems provide the further advantage of computing coordinate precession.
Discussion group servers host numerous astronomy lists.
The disagreement was over the proper role of "ki" development in regular aikido training.
Influential theorists include Judith Butler, Luce Irigaray, Julia Kristeva, Michel Foucault and Jacques Derrida.
Art as mimesis has deep roots in the philosophy of Aristotle.
Art is often intended to appeal to and connect with human emotion.
The last agnostids went extinct in the Late Ordovician.
Furthermore, the orientation of the thoracic appendages appears ill-suited for benthic living.
Scientists have long debated whether the agnostids lived a pelagic or a benthic lifestyle.
Over a third are unintended and about a fifth end in induced abortion.
Abortion is sometimes attempted by causing trauma to the abdomen.
Opinions of abortion may be about fetal rights, governmental authority, and women's rights.
It reveals no breaksin the chain of legal ownership.
After this is accomplished, no abstract of title is necessary.
Under United States patent law, the abstract may be called "Abstract of the Disclosure".
An informal attempt to negotiate peace was rejected by the Americans.
Irish Protestants favored the Americans, while Catholics favored the King.
Failure to do so meant possible imprisonment, exile, and, in some cases, death.
The ampere was then defined as one coulomb of charge per second.
This force is used in the formal definition of the ampere.
For this reason the examples given below are grouped by voltage level.
Another way of classifying algorithms is by their design methodology or paradigm.
The flowchart of "Elegant" can be found at the top of this article.
An example that uses Euclid's algorithm appears below.
This style of growing is often used in classrooms for education.
Tomato, sweet potato and bell pepper are tender perennials usually grown as annuals.
The seeds germinate in the autumn or winter when the soil temperature is cool.
Upon stopping contact with the causative substance, the lesions may persist for years.
They are also prescribed for aphthous ulcers, other oral ulcers, and other mouth pain.
Generally, there is no scientific consensus about this.
He colonized it with Greeks, and founded a city named Alexandropolis.
However, Alexander met with resistance at Gaza.
He lost another child when Roxana miscarried at Babylon.
"Nice biscuit, don't you think," said Korzybski, while he took a second one.
The students were chewing vigorously.
Their marriage lasted until his death.
The ship eventually comes to a stop when not thrusting.
"Asteroids" contains several bugs.
The two saucers were formulated to be different from each other.
The Asparagales include many important crop plants and ornamental plants.
Within the monocots, Asparagales is the sister group of the commelinid clade.
Plants assigned to this order are mostly tropical or aquatic.
Vegetation may be totally submersed, have floating leaves, or protrude from the water.
They also include the only marine angiosperms.
Asterales are organisms that seem to have evolved from one common ancestor.
Asterales are common plants and have many known uses.
Various dynamical groups of asteroids have been discovered orbiting in the inner Solar System.
First, a region of the sky was photographed by a wide-field telescope, or astrograph.
Pairs of photographs were taken, typically one hour apart.
It is part of the criminal procedure in some jurisdictions using common law.
An allocution allows the defendant to explain why the sentence should be lenient.
In plea bargains, an allocution may be required of the defendant.
It is done with the help of court, with a stamp paper.
Materials used to refresh recollection are admissible as evidence.
Thus most affidavits now require to be apostilled if used for cross border issues.
Because it is so diffuse, it has a low surface brightness.
Its traditional name has conflicting derivations.
The Water Jar asterism was seen to the ancient Chinese as the tomb, "Fenmu".
It contained the winter solstice in the Early Bronze Age.
There are also less-prominent systems in Aquarius.
Hair in anime is often unnaturally lively and colorful or uniquely styled.
Others, such as AnimEigo, achieved limited success.
Netflix declared the company's intention to produce anime.
The hill remains crowned by the ruins of the old citadel.
As with many ancient cities, Ankara has gone by several names over the ages.
This also affects the way that Modern Standard Arabic is pronounced in Egypt.
Only one of them, however, has crossed the line to murder.
His work often features fugitives on the run alongside "icy blonde" female characters.
Sources vary on Hitchcock's performance in school.
They are found in tropical South America.
Four species are currently recognized.
The name commonly used for the anaconda in Brazil is "sucuri", "sucuriju" or "sucuriuba".
There are, however, several problems with this proposed list.
However, Radloff was the first to publish the inscriptions.
As a result, Standard German is replacing it in government and administrative texts.
Hence "S" breaks up into uncountably many orbits under "G".
So this attempt also fails.
See non-measurable set for more details.
Attila grew up in a rapidly changing world.
One scholar suggests a relationship to Yeniseian.
His people were nomads who had only recently arrived in Europe.
Many of the islands in the Aegean have safe harbours and bays.
The Aegean Sea covers about in area, and measures about longitudinally and latitudinally.
Plato described the Greeks living round the Aegean "like frogs around a pond".
Burgess later stated that he wrote the book in three weeks.
The track "Hier kommt Alex" became one of the band's signature songs.
They have their own theatre at Leidseplein.
Amsterdam is a prominent centre for national and international media.
In fact none were tested.
This completely new development sold extremely well.
To fly, air must flow over the wing and generate lift.
They are nowadays classified as "powered lift" types and not as rotorcraft.
With powered lift, the aircraft directs its engine thrust vertically downward.
The synthetic element nobelium was named after him.
He also developed sufficient literary skill to write poetry in English.
He invented modern plywood and started work on the torpedo.
They had rides in the Forlanini hydrofoil boat over Lake Maggiore.
She called the demonstration "most extraordinary".
Baldwin described it as being as smooth as flying.
The Russian male name Anatoly and the French Anatole share the same linguistic origin.
Kurds constitute a major community in southeastern Anatolia, and are the largest ethnic minority.
Their language was closely related to Hittite.
The suicides drew media attention, and employment practices at Foxconn were investigated by Apple.
Apple customers gained a reputation for devotion and loyalty early in the company's history.
Aberdeenshire played an important role in the fighting between the Scottish clans.
Coastal areas are also subject to haar, or coastal fog.
In the Iron Age, hill forts were built.
Indigenous drums, flutes, and rattles are commonplace in its musical compositions.
They also opened for Rage Against the Machine in Mexico City.
The band is set to begin writing a new record this year.
Public opinion, however, demanded an immediate attack by the army to capture Richmond.
All abolished slavery on their own, except Kentucky and Delaware.
While socially different, the sections economically benefited each other.
Critics were scandalized by Warhol's open embrace of market culture.
Warhol has been described as playing dumb to the media.
In addition, he was a highly prolific filmmaker.
Seeing this, the Western mercenaries rode off and took no part in the battle.
Before thee, did not other kings possess it for a while, then pass away?
Yussuf, in desperation, drew his dagger and rushed upon the sultan.
The institute is composed of leaders from the film, entertainment, business and academic communities.
The first class included filmmakers Terrence Malick, Caleb Deschanel and Paul Schrader.
Additional sponsors include American Airlines and Stella Artois.
It quickly became a massive hit in Japan.
"Ran"s costume designer, Emi Wada, won the movie's only Oscar.
Subsequently, Piye was forced from the Near East.
The Karnak temple is the largest Egyptian temple ever built.
The Assyrians then sent a large army southwards.
After "Pimp to Eat", the Analog Brothers continued performing together in various line ups.
Abugidas developed along a slightly different route.
The basic consonantal symbol was considered to have an inherent "a" vowel sound.
The term pure abjad refers to scripts entirely lacking in vowel indicators.
For scripts of the Brahmic family, the term "akshara" is used for the units.
Thus it is not segmental and cannot be considered an abugida.
Frequent recording sessions brought the foursome closer together during the summer.
The duty of the Crown towards its subjects is to govern and protect.
Natural-born subjects owe allegiance wherever they may be.
Traditionally, English legal commentators used the term "allegiance" in two ways.
Locations included New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Chicago and Boston.
A vital feature of the Newton handwriting recognition system is the modeless error correction.
Van Vogt's father, a lawyer, moved his family several times.
It was accompanied by interior illustrations created by Frank Kramer and Paul Orban.
It was rejected, but the rejection letter encouraged him to try again.
There she lost to eventual champion Martina Hingis.
She won that race for women's K-Swiss team.
Under Jakob's guidance the department grew rapidly.
He suffered from chronic osteomyelitis for the last seven years of his life.
Religious scholars such as Laurence B.
The knowledge of God has always existed.
Being a scientist, above all else, Huxley presented agnosticism as a form of demarcation.
Argon's complete octet of electrons indicates full s and p subshells.
Argon is denser than air and displaces oxygen close to the ground during gassing.
The bulk of argon applications arise simply because it is inert and relatively cheap.
The literature indicates that arsenic exposure is causative in the pathogenesis of diabetes.
Many minor As-containing minerals are known.
In this way, arsenic is removed from the water and its mobility decreases.
Treatments containing antimony, known as antimonials, are used as emetics.
It is thought that this produced metallic antimony.
The most significant isotopes for chemistry are Ac, Ac, and Ac.
A less confrontational vision of scientific discovery is proposed by Adloff.
Purified comes into equilibrium with its decay products after about a half of year.
The uptake to the liver depends on the individual and increases with age.
Those crystals are hygroscopic and have yellow-reddish color and a monoclinic crystal structure.
Small thickness avoids the problem of self-absorption of emitted radiation.
There may be more than one isomer for each isotope.
Research is limited by its short half-life, which prevents the creation of weighable quantities.
The structure of solid astatine is unknown.
This became known as the plum pudding model.
Close examination of the spectral lines reveals that some display a fine structure splitting.
The mass spectrometer uses this principle to measure the mass-to-charge ratio of ions.
This technology is optimized to grow crops on desert land close to the sea.
The abandoned land resulting from shifting cultivation is not included in this category.
This process is often extremely expensive.
Unlike the oxides, it features tetrahedral Al centers.
The great majority of this material is converted to metallic aluminium.
In very high doses, aluminium is associated with altered function of the blood-brain barrier.
For Advanced Chemistry, hip hop is a "vehicle of general human emancipation,".
This is important in two ways.
But not for me.
These controversies have generally been of two types: liturgical and social.
As such it was a distinctly national phenomenon.
This is also the oldest surviving non-Roman Catholic church in the New World.
Lately, he has been occupied with the history of Large Technical Systems.
Oceanic islands are mainly of volcanic origin.
The largest archipelagic state in the world by area and population is Indonesia.
How does it, for example, apply to the complex issue of fan fiction?
Technically, someone owns their work from the time it's created.
He is best known for his work on stochastic processes.
Markov was an atheist.
He later taught at high schools and continued his own mathematical studies.
In Existentialist philosophy the term "angst" carries a specific conceptual meaning.
Indeed, such is consistent with related work on attentional bias in implicit memory.
Such conflicts can be targets for successful treatment with psychodynamic therapy.
It may persist into adulthood and become social anxiety or social phobia.
He edited and wrote for "Granta", a student magazine.
The adult Christopher Robin commented: "Pooh's Forest and Ashdown Forest are identical".
A. Milne and Shepard in creating the world of Pooh.
Alumni is still considered the first great football team in the country.
Their validity had to be established by means of real-world experience.
There are typically multiple ways to axiomatize a given mathematical domain.
Aristotle's posterior analytics is a definitive exposition of the classical view.
In Doric and Aeolic, long alpha is preserved in all positions.
No cause of death was given.
He had one younger sister.
You can't run the society on data and computers alone.
The exact reasons for the Ditko-Lee split have never been fully explained.
McFarlane revolutionized Spider-Man's look.
Smallpox was probably the greatest killer.
Its festive pageants, shows, contests and other activities are a major tourist attraction.
The coolest period is between December and February.
The battle was named after a nearby castle called Azincourt.
The battle, as was the tradition, was named after a nearby castle called Azincourt.
Speer was Adolf Hitler's chief architect before assuming ministerial office.
Speer's supporters maintained a continual call for his release.
Speer was taken to several internment centres for Nazi officials and interrogated.
"Solidago" produces relatively high protein pollen, which helps honey bees over winter.
There are usually five stamens.
Asteraceans are especially common in open and dry environments.
The woody "Azorella compacta" Phil.
They then prey upon insect pests on nearby plants.
The flowers are nearly perfectly pentamerous, with five petals, sepals, and stamens.
Actin plays a major role in the mobility of this system.
Examples of these molecules include laminin, fibronectin, tenascin, and perlecan.
Rather, it is a different type.
In the latter role, they are known as "matres lectionis" or "mothers of reading".
Mandaic is written in the Mandaic alphabet.
It became his trademark style.
The disease affects males and females almost equally.
A preceding antigenic challenge can be identified in approximately two-thirds of patients.
This may, therefore, explain decreased coordination at higher movement velocities and accelerations.
Malfunction of the sodium-potassium pump may be a factor in some ataxias.
Arnold-Chiari malformation is a malformation of the brain.
As punishment for betraying their secrets, Alhazred was tortured.
He indeed finds Alhazred's burial chamber and learns of his fate.
Her mother was the only significant parental figure in her life.
One of her later tutors was the mathematician and logician Augustus De Morgan.
With the article, she appended a set of notes.
Derleth can also be considered a pioneering naturalist and conservationist in his writing.
She remained in that capacity until her death.
Marquette, as well as Ralph Waldo Emerson and Henry David Thoreau.
Many rodents such as voles live underground.
On the highest rocky ledges the spring flowers bloom in the summer.
Areas of the eastern Alps are still home to brown bears.
This led to further ostracism by French left-wing intellectuals.
In the same year, Camus began to work for "Paris-Soir" magazine.
Camus regretted the continued reference to himself as a "philosopher of the absurd".
Christie was born into a wealthy upper-middle-class family in Torquay, Devon.
Christie has also been portrayed fictionally.
She was survived by her only child, Rosalind Hicks.
Tarrou and Rambert visit one of the isolation camps, where they meet Othon.
He is arrested.
The town is sealed off.
Other names for "absolute value" include "numerical value" and "magnitude".
The real absolute value function is a piecewise linear, convex function.
The real absolute value function is continuous everywhere.
An analog signal uses some property of the medium to convey the signal's information.
This is called generation loss.
In analog systems, it is difficult to detect when such degradation occurs.
There was a pretty rogue for you!
He becomes Poirot's lifelong friend and appears in many cases.
Poirot later became smitten with the woman and allowed her to escape justice.
Sue Grafton contributed to the screenplay of the former.
Julia McKenzie took over the role in the fourth season.
Miss Marple never married and has no close living relatives.
This list does not necessarily imply either official status nor general observance.
It is also attested by Einhard in his work, Vita Karoli Magni.
The Kappa Cygnids take place in August, with the dates varying each year.
Numerous religious holidays occurred during August in ancient Rome.
This list does not necessarily imply either official status or general observance.
During the journey in the wilderness, Aaron was not always prominent or active.
So return and represent me in my family and in thine.
There Moses stripped Aaron of his priestly garments and transferred them to Eleazar.
These include Collins reagent and Dess-Martin periodinane.
The hydroboration-oxidation and oxymercuration-reduction of alkenes are more reliable in organic synthesis.
The direct method avoids the formation of stable intermediates, typically using acid catalysts.
The parish of Achill also includes the Curraun peninsula.
The O'Malleys were a powerful seafaring family, who traded widely.
Ginsberg was an early proponent of freedom for gay people.
Ginsberg advertised the event as "Six Poets at the Six Gallery".
Instead, Ginsberg portrayed casual sex.
The theory of algebraically closed fields has quantifier elimination.
Thus algebraically closed fields are cyclotomically closed.
Every field "F" has some extension which is algebraically closed.
In the subsequent cycle, the format was changed, with the champion having to qualify.
Karpov defeated Timman - the loser of the Candidates' final against Short.
In all three matches, Karpov had winning chances up to the very last games.
These detailed descriptions are known as pace notes.
It was won by the carriage of Isaac Watt Boulton.
A historical event can be of a number of different motorsport disciplines.
Ownership was complete and transferable.
Anarcho-capitalists see free-market capitalism as the basis for a free and prosperous society.
The initiation of force is usually referred to as aggression or coercion.
Eleven of his forty plays survive virtually complete.
Aristophanes was the equal of these great tragedians in his subtle use of lyrics.
Dramatic structure contributes to the complexity of Aristophanes' plays.
It resides in their vault today in deteriorating condition.
Schweitzer unabashedly emphasizes the fact that Paul's thought follows predestinarian lines.
Friedrich Hayek disagreed.
The label endured and was adopted by the adherents themselves.
The school originated in Vienna, in the Austrian Empire.
Abscesses may be classified as either "skin abscesses" or "internal abscesses".
Often many different types of bacteria are involved in a single infection.
Rarely, parasites can cause abscesses; this is more common in the developing world.
It belonged to North Jutland County.
The area is typical for the north of Jutland.
Aarhus has a robust and diverse nightlife.
The larger Billund Airport is situated south-west of Aarhus.
Like many intellectuals of his time, he promoted eugenics.
These strains should constitute an aristocracy, from which great men would probably appear.
Many of these European traditions reflect the dogma of purgatory.
In some countries the celebration is known as the "Day of the Dead".
The season of Epiphany remembers the revelation of Christ to the world.
Anatole France took an important part in the Dreyfus affair.
Anatole France began his literary career as a poet and a journalist.
He was an atheist.
He was also a contributor to "The God That Failed".
The tour disillusioned him and he subsequently became quite critical of Soviet communism.
Thus this algorithm should not be used in practice.
The parallel algorithm below illustrates how to merge multiple sets of statistics calculated online.
Shelling almonds refers to removing the shell to reveal the seed.
Almonds are sold shelled or unshelled.
It is almost insoluble in alcohol but readily soluble in chloroform or ether.
Antigua and Barbuda is a member of the eastern Caribbean court system.
The Antigua Labour Party government was elected with fourteen seats.
Parliament has two chambers.
Forced to wear distinctive clothing, several Jews earned high positions in the Tunisian government.
Foreign investment accounts for around half of that amount.
Progress on economic reform has generally lagged behind macroeconomic stabilization.
The ministry is cooperating with the defense sectors of Ukraine, Belarus and Pakistan.
Most of the country's rivers are not navigable.
A small part of Nakhchivan also borders Turkey to the northwest.
To the extreme southeast, the Talysh Mountains form part of the border with Iran.
Today, Israel is a major arms supplier to the country.
In return they become lobbyists for Azerbaijan.
This practice has been widely referred to as "Caviar diplomacy".
Oklahoma National Guard troops have been sent on training and humanitarian missions to Baku.
It also inherited naval ships.
The climate is highland continental: hot summers and cold winters.
Temperatures in Armenia generally depend upon elevation.
Geological turmoil continues in the form of devastating earthquakes, which have plagued Armenia.
It is also the second-most densely populated post-Soviet state after Moldova.
The largest communities of the ethnic Armenian diaspora are fluent in Russian and English.
Armenia's record on discrimination toward the few remaining national minorities is generally good.
The government does not restrict internal or international travel.
Kocharyan was successful in riding out the unrest.
Armenian mines produce copper, zinc, gold and lead.
Also non-functioning are roads with Turkey and Azerbaijan.
This steady economic progress has earned Armenia increasing support from international institutions.
For Soviet transportation, see Transport in the Soviet Union.
Being a landlocked country, Armenia has no navy.
Lithuania covers all study expenditures.
Nikolai Bordyuzha was appointed secretary general of the new organisation.
Eduard Nalbandyan serves as Minister of Foreign Affairs of Armenia.
Soon, violence broke out against Armenians in Azerbaijan and Azeris in Armenia.
The fighting between the sides was brief, with few casualties on either side.
The five volcanic islands are: Tutuila, Aunu'u, Ofu, Olosega, Ta'u.
American Samoa is home to the National Park of American Samoa.
American Samoa is the southernmost part of the United States.
The government of American Samoa is defined under the Constitution of American Samoa.
The majority of lands in American Samoa and independent Samoa are communal.
The party system is a based on the United States party system.
In itself, the soul is an immaterial substance.
The metaphysical structures of necessity and contingency are different.
Two encyclopaedic treatises, dealing with philosophy, are often mentioned.
The English media therefore dubbed the tour "the quest to regain the Ashes".
This is known as the Ashes Trophy.
All others were consolation victories when the Ashes had been secured by Australia.
It examines the above using statistics and modeling, and semantics.
It also takes the applied approach, looking at individual language development and clinical issues.
Modern mathematical analysis is the study of infinite processes.
He was replaced by Brigadier General John P.
One, two, three, four.
This is very acceptable for communications radios, where compression of the audio aids intelligibility.
In effect they were already amplitude modulated.
Fresnel studied the behaviour of light both theoretically and experimentally.
As a form of consolation, he took religion very seriously especially during his illness.
The English version for a female monastic head is abbess.
The abbot is chosen by the monks from among the fully professed monks.
The "pithecus" portion of the name is from the Greek word for "ape".
Like later hominins, "Ardipithecus" had reduced canine teeth.
The specific name comes from the Afar word for "basal family ancestor".
In an assembly line, car assembly is split between several stations, all working simultaneously.
Industrial noise also proved dangerous.
Each worker typically performs one simple operation.
Financial institutions in Melbourne and banks in Sydney closed.
Adelaide also hosts numerous private hospitals in the city centre and suburbs.
Suburban expansion has to some extent outgrown Light's original plan.
Garner's grandfather, Joseph Garner, "could read, but didn't and so was virtually unlettered".
Instead he taught his grandson the folk tales he knew about The Edge.
On that occasion he gave a half-hour interview about his work.
All integers and rational numbers are algebraic, as are all roots of integers.
Every root of a polynomial equation whose coefficients are "algebraic numbers" is again algebraic.
One may generalize this to "closed-form numbers", which may be defined in various ways.
For Lie algebras the definition is slightly different.
Category theory deals with abstract objects and morphisms between those objects.
An isomorphism is simply a bijective homomorphism.
He can be seen playing his accordion in the motion picture The Godfather.
See the accordion reed ranks and switches article for further explanation and audio samples.
Modern artificial intelligence techniques are pervasive and are too numerous to list here.
The search for more efficient problem-solving algorithms is a high priority.
There are a number of competitions and prizes to promote research in artificial intelligence.
And it's changed our lives.
At the time, I was out of favour with the London club scene.
We're breaking down categories of world music and rock music and black music.
Two chiefly important monk philosophers were Sengzhao and Daosheng.
Cosmic order is termed "rta" and causal law by "karma".
In accordance with this, anything definite has to eventually pass back into indefiniteness.
Like many thinkers of his time, Anaximander's philosophy included contributions to many disciplines.
The stars and the planets, located closer, followed the same model.
Educational requirements generally consist of a university degree in architecture.
The availability of both allowed pre-construction drawings to be made by professionals.
That word is used either in itself or before the given name or surname.
Questions which arise include those in the following subsections.
In classical Greece and Rome, the reduction of words to single letters was common.
At first, abbreviations were sometimes represented with various suspension signs, not only periods.
The goddesses offer him bribes.
Aphrodite wants to return him to life.
Anti-symmetry is different from asymmetry, which requires both anti-symmetry and irreflexivity.
The funeral generated press controversy, and was labelled a Black Mass by the tabloids.
The following year Neuburg stayed at Boleskine, where he and Crowley engaged in sadomasochism.
During this time the First World War broke out.
Every knee will bend before the Lord.
If we like it, it is paradise; if we do not, it is hell.
A fundamental aspect of astrometry is error correction.
This technology made astrometry less expensive, opening the field to an amateur audience.
Astrometry is responsible for the detection of many record-breaking Solar System objects.
With Pallas stunned by a blow from Zeus, Athena takes advantage and kills her.
Aglaulus demands money in exchange.
Therefore, Mylonas believes that Athena was a Mycenaean creation.
Each of the first four powers is available in an advanced form.
Through the competitive Auction, characters may begin the game vying for standings.
Despite the game's out-of-print status, a thriving convention scene exists supporting the game.
In the Middle East, people began alloying copper with zinc to form brass.
In the modern age, steel can be created in many forms.
Work has been found recently in tombs, Egyptian frescoes, pottery and metalwork.
The Rococo is sometimes considered a final phase of the Baroque period.
It was characterised by iconographic paintings illustrating scenes from the bible.
It was consistently the strongest party, forming and dominating coalitions.
The policy built up support for the Liberal Party in rural North Island electorates.
The landed gentry and aristocracy ruled Britain at this time.
Angles expressed in radians are dimensionless for the purposes of dimensional analysis.
See the figures in this article for examples.
Pairwise these angles are named according to their location relative to each other.
Electroacoustic transducers include loudspeakers, microphones, hydrophones and sonar projectors.
Acoustic scientists work in government, university and private industry laboratories.
Sound recording and the telephone played important roles in a global transformation of society.
Physics research groups are usually so classified.
The Auger effect allows one to multiply ionize an atom with a single photon.
Electrons form notional shells around the nucleus.
This is a similar finding to research in oral languages on pronoun acquisition.
However, written sign language remained marginal among the public.
Other students brought knowledge of their own home signs.
Applets in an open platform environment should provide secure interactions between different applications.
In some cases, an applet does not run independently.
This makes applets well suitable for demonstration, visualization, and teaching.
Terry Pratchett's works include several references to alternate histories of Discworld.
Alternate history is related to, but distinct from, counterfactual history.
These real orbitals are the building blocks most commonly shown in orbital visualizations.
See Extension of the periodic table beyond the seventh period.
Now, suppose we irradiate the atom with a broad-spectrum of light.
Others may be conditionally essential for certain ages or medical conditions.
Glucogenic amino acids can also be converted into glucose, through gluconeogenesis.
They are also used to summarise conserved protein sequence motifs.
Turing had such an apparatus set up in his tiny spare room.
This was a teleprinter rotor cipher attachment codenamed "Tunny" at Bletchley Park.
The interrogation had the form of a colloquium.
Surface area is its analog on the two-dimensional surface of a three-dimensional object.
Any line through the midpoint of a parallelogram bisects the area.
The question of the filling area of the Riemannian circle remains open.
Another method involved determining the constant of aberration.
Knowing Earth's shift and a star's shift enabled the star's distance to be calculated.
The following table contains some distances given in astronomical units.
Use of the word "artiste" can also be a pejorative term.
Like Achilles in a later generation, he was trained by the centaur Chiron.
The gods did not heed his plea, and he was torn to pieces.
His own hounds then turned upon him and pursued him, not recognizing him.
Faith is thus regarded as incarnational and authority as dispersed.
This use of a set order of service is not unlike the Catholic tradition.
A characteristic of Anglicanism is that it has no international juridical authority.
The current mayor of Athens is Giorgos Kaminis.
For the Athenians, all the urban municipalities surrounding the city centre are called suburbs.
More recently a Muslim cultural center has opened on the island.
The island briefly operated as the independent "Republic of Anguilla".
Both names have the meaning "sand island".
The islands are also visited by seasonal caretakers and occasional scientific researchers.
There is no economic activity in the Territory, Ashmore and Cartier Islands being uninhabited.
It derives from fluid dynamics.
See acoustics for the engineering approach.
In acoustics, the fluid medium is assumed to be Newtonian.
As Prime Minister, Alexander Mackenzie strove to reform and simplify the machinery of government.
He was the third of ten children.
He died in Toronto and was buried in Lakeview Cemetery in Sarnia, Ontario.
Ashoka's religion contained gleanings from all religions.
This may have been an incident in Bindusara's times.
However, the edicts alone strongly that he was a Buddhist.
Other alternatives have also surfaced, but most have fallen into disuse and obscurity.
The adjective "American" subsequently denoted the New World.
Ada has language support for task-based concurrency.
It also includes facilities to help program verification.
Such constructs were in part inherited or inspired from Pascal.
He has two brothers, Carlos, also a filmmaker, and Alfredo, a conservation biologist.
Most Germanic tribes were generally tolerant of the Nicene beliefs of their subjects.
Some scholars suggest that Arius may have been poisoned by his opponents.
The Germanic elites were Arians, and the Romance majority population was Nicene.
He had various coins with her portrait struck in her honor.
They are believed to have enjoyed a happy marriage.
Faustina bore Antoninus four children, two sons and two daughters.
Despite being impractical, theoretical breaks can sometimes provide insight into vulnerability patterns.
This operation provides the non-linearity in the cipher.
In the AddRoundKey step, the subkey is combined with the state.
It was taken up by singer Edith Piaf as her stage name.
Argot is the language of misery.
This alignment leads to a directional variation of elasticity wavespeed.
By reducing detail in one direction more than another, these effects can be reduced.
Physicists use the term anisotropy to describe direction-dependent properties of materials.
Alpha decay typically occurs in the heaviest nuclides.
Like other cluster decays, alpha decay is fundamentally a quantum tunneling process.
The helium is brought to the surface as a by-product of natural gas production.
It depends not only on income but also on access to services.
Despite this debate, addressing the problem of fragility remains a very real issue.
It would, however, have been very slow.
There were three separate readers for the three types of cards.
Table-sized instead of room-sized, the device was capable of calculating tables, but imperfectly.
His father, also named Gaius Octavius, had been governor of Macedonia.
Under oath, Augustus declared that he gave no such order.
Augustus' body was coffin-bound and cremated on a pyre close to his mausoleum.
Ice shelves and rises populate the ice sheet on the periphery.
Lesser Antarctica is covered by the West Antarctic Ice Sheet.
Several volcanoes on offshore islands have records of historic activity.
Organizers then called on Kenn Borek Air based in Calgary.
A normal car on tires has very limited capability for Antarctic conditions.
It was constructed by leveling snow and filling in crevasses, but is not paved.
Coypu and nine-banded armadillo have been introduced to the state and now also common.
The climate of Alabama is humid subtropical.
There is also an abundance of cypress, hickory, oak, populus, and eastern redcedar trees.
The governor is also the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces.
The governor and lieutenant governor are not elected on the same ticket.
She is the second female governor of Alabama.
In general use, the word "apocrypha" came to mean "false, spurious, bad, or heretical.
Other non-canonical apocryphal texts are generally called pseudepigrapha, a term that means "false writings".
Other traditions maintained different customs regarding canonicity.
The treaty was the first arms control agreement established during the Cold War.
However, an autopsy in New Zealand revealed that Doctor Marks died from methanol poisoning.
Note: The table can be sorted alphabetically or chronologically using the icon.
He published two early aviation trade journals.
The new professional baseball league had the intent to racially integrate.
The aircraft crashed on takeoff on its maiden flight.
Their art was exhibited nationally as well as abroad.
Two small streams run through the town: the South Skunk River and Squaw Creek.
In the fall the club hosts Cyclone Country Championships.
Abalones are subject to various diseases.
By the time of the exposition, Americans were starting to discover abalone.
Sale of sport-obtained abalone is illegal, including the shell.
They may not serve as a witness to a marriage except by special rescript.
An abbess serves for life, except in Italy and some adjacent islands.
These positions continued merely changing from Catholic to Lutheran.
The most common abdominal surgeries are described below.
The arms of the city are divided into two halves.
The district of Offenstetten previously possessed its own coat of arms.
Two diagonally-crossed silver swords with golden handles rest on top.
Arminians across Holland were removed from office, imprisoned, banished, and sworn to silence.
Identity stemmed from membership in a group more than individuality.
Wesleyan Arminianism is often identical with Methodism.
There were fewer hit singles, and declining album sales.
This eventually led to a rift between the two artists.
After those successes, however, the Project began to fade from view.
Other photochemical cycloaddition reactions with alkenes occur through excimers.
Arenes are reactants in many organic reactions.
Unusual thermal Diels-Alder reactivity of arenes can be found in the Wagner-Jauregg reaction.
The crosses were made of wood and the candlesticks of iron.
The priory at Paisley was an exception.
Rutkowski was in contact with Bloch and others, and published in the Annales.
In South America the "Annales" approach became popular.
Influence indeed spread out from Paris, but few new ideas came in.
Thus, the electron and positron are denoted simply as and respectively.
Antiparticles are created everywhere in the universe where high-energy particle collisions take place.
The antiprotons are still hot when initially trapped.
It seems that the goal of the designer was to avoid straight lines completely.
It is a bulbous, root-like structure that evokes plant life.
The loft is considered to be one of the most unusual spaces.
These references have not been proven in the historiography of the modern architect.
To that, the Catalan artist adds creative liberty and an imaginative, ornamental creation.
It has since been converted into a municipal garden.
However, the problem of infinite charge of the universe remains.
Some particles, such as the photon, are their own antiparticle.
The laws of nature are very nearly symmetrical with respect to particles and antiparticles.
However, mathematicians agree on a particular order of evaluation for several common non-associative operations.
The following are truth-functional tautologies.
Some examples of associative operations include the following.
The Apache Software Foundation is a decentralized open source community of developers.
They came to be known as the Apache Group.
Civil rights law depends heavily on private enforcement.
These regulations cover access to all programs and services offered by the entity.
People with disabilities can not be treated less than other customers.
It was designed and hand-built by Steve Wozniak.
Wozniak's friend Steve Jobs had the idea of selling the computer.
Availability is usually limited to small runs in response to demand.
The specimen was found in Cactus Park Quarry in western Colorado.
Thus, thirteen characters were chosen to validate the separation of genera.
Sauropoda is still used as the group name.
Some of the fractures were poorly healed and formed pseudoarthroses.
Big Al Two is also known to have multiple injuries.
A metacarpal with a round depressed fracture.
This dramatically reduces the overall diameter of the groups.
This launcher can also be used to launch tear-gas and riot control grenades.
And, the bolt-handle was simply attached to the bolt-carrier.
The mechanical and logic design was worked out by Atanasoff over the next year.
Then the whole process would be repeated to eliminate another variable.
The arithmetic logic functions were fully electronic, implemented with vacuum tubes.
Temperature, atmospheric pressure and humidity decrease in higher elevations.
For decades, Chile claimed ownership of land on the eastern side of the Andes.
The government sponsored the construction of aqueducts and roads in addition to preexisting installations.
Anchors can either be temporary or permanent.
It does not limit swinging range, and might not be suitable in some circumstances.
Some skippers prefer an all chain warp for added security in coral waters.
It continued to be a place of much importance throughout the Abbasid period.
No longer a residential bishopric, having faded.
A lofty isolated ridge formed its acropolis.
A stadium and a theatre lie outside the walls to the south.
It was the home of the poet Oppian.
Anagrams used for titles afford scope for some types of wit.
Anagrams are often used as a form of mnemonic device.
Some games even use anagrams in their plot.
As herds of domestic reindeer have declined, herds of wild caribou have increased.
It is navigable in small boats for about to near Markovo.
There are ten species of salmon inhabiting the Anadyr river basin.
He also applied mathematics in generalizing physical laws from these experimental results.
Ammonia may be used to mitigate gaseous spills of phosgene.
An excess of ammonia helps minimise multiple substitution, and neutralises the hydrogen halide formed.
It is thought that the low-temperature conditions allow this molecule to survive and accumulate.
The largest amethyst mine in North America is located in Thunder Bay, Ontario.
Amethyst occurs at many localities in the United States.
Amethyst is relatively common in the Canadian provinces of Ontario and Nova Scotia.
Two ribs and a belly-rib showed signs of breaking and healing.
Currie also offers speculation on the pack-hunting habits of "Albertosaurus".
The presence of incisions ending in voids has parallels in human engineering.
This sequence of text lines may include opcodes or directives.
Some assemblers also support simple built-in macro-instructions that generate two or more machine instructions.
Historically, numerous programs have been written entirely in assembly language.
It was brought to the gods in Olympus by doves.
Those who consume ambrosia typically had not blood in their veins, but ichor.
Pliny used the term in connection with different plants, as did early herbalists.
For this reason, bees and beehives often appear in the saint's symbology.
Ambrose refused and was required to answer for his conduct before the council.
He was succeeded as bishop of Milan by Simplician.
After the expulsion of Gorgus's son Periander its government developed into a strong democracy.
Ambraciot politics featured many frontier disputes with the Amphilochians and Acarnanians.
In Byzantine times a new settlement took its place under the name of Arta.
Phenolic resins are today only produced by angiosperms, and tend to serve functional uses.
The oldest amber with arthropod inclusions comes from the Levant, from Lebanon and Jordan.
Only about is found per year, which makes it valuable and expensive.
The older son, Gesalec, was chosen king but his reign was disastrous.
The alphorn is carved from solid softwood, generally spruce but sometimes pine.
For example, the First United States Army and the Army of Northern Virginia.
The small force was represented by only a few regiments.
However, this would only become apparent after the French Revolutionary Wars.
In general, crocodiles tend to be more dangerous to humans than alligators.
The bacterium absorbs nitrogen from the air and makes it available to the tree.
Alder is illustrated in the coat of arms for the Austrian town of Grossarl.
Alder leaves and sometimes catkins are used as food by numerous butterflies and moths.
The temple school was widely denounced in the press.
As Abby wrote, his death "has prostrated all our hopes here".
Louisa and her parents moved in with Anna as well.
These techniques have proven to be effective.
Studies have shown that crickets can develop a fear of spiders before birth.
This suggests arachnophobia may be a cultural, rather than genetic trait.
Geologists only define the gypsum variety as alabaster.
Alabaster is mined and then sold in blocks to alabaster workshops.
The Greek words were used to identify a vase made of alabaster.
In the Biblical text, Ahab has five important encounters with prophets.
The existence of Ahab is historically supported outside of the Bible.
Ahab was succeeded by his sons, Ahaziah and Jehoram.
Fossil taxa follow McKenna and Bell, with modifications following Kramarz.
They are herbivorous, often feeding on ripe fruit that falls from trees.
The cheek teeth are hypsodont and flat-crowned.
In some binaries similar to Algol, a gas flow can be seen.
The English name "Demon Star" is a direct translation of this.
Thus Algol became one of the first known spectroscopic binaries.
Three verses were emblematically sung by Tom in his hour of deepest crisis.
The communal understanding of redemption and human self-worth has changed since Newton's time.
Contemporary hymnbooks did not contain music and were simply small books of religious poetry.
It is separated into three different sections: "Member Agreement", "Community Guidelines" and "Privacy Policy".
In many instances, such retention was done against subscribers' wishes, or without their consent.
Other community leaders hosted chat rooms and provided online help.
The Gregorian calendar is the most widely used calendar in the world today.
No single "Anno Mundi" epoch was dominant throughout the Christian world.
This accounts for the seven- or eight-year discrepancy between the Gregorian and Ethiopian calendars.
He was never ordained a priest.
Alcuin's sequence is the solution to one of the problems of that book.
They referred to him as 'David', a reference to the Biblical king David.
At one time, he served an officer of the maritime provinces.
Charlemagne was referred to as "David", a reference to the Biblical king David.
Charlemagne and the other men at court were known by affectionate and jesting nicknames.
The prefix "N"-" shows substitution on the nitrogen atom.
Many higher molecular weight amines are, biologically, highly active.
Imine formation is an important reaction.
A system with a truly negative temperature is not colder than absolute zero.
Consequently no adiabatic process initiated at nonzero temperature can lead to zero temperature.
Maxwell's relations show that various other quantities also vanish.
In an adiabatic process, energy is transferred to its surroundings only as work.
The adiabatic process has been important for thermodynamics since its early days.
The words are used differently in the two disciplines, as stated just above.
They are the most common non-basic functional group.
Therefore, amides don't have as clearly noticeable acid-base properties in water.
Compared to amines, amides are very weak bases.
Wind, similarly, can be conceived as a person in animistic thought.
Some religions are both pantheistic and animistic.
Various animistic cultures also comprehend as stones as persons.
Vivaldi's health was problematic.
The prince sponsored many musicians including Alessandro Scarlatti and George Frideric Handel.
It proved most profitable for Vivaldi.
Right after Innertkirchen it is joined by its first major tributary, the Gamderwasser.
A little past Meiringen, near Brienz, the river expands into Lake Brienz.
The Rhine, in turn, empties into the North Sea after crossing into the Netherlands.
It was formerly the residence of historical novelist and poet, Sir Walter Scott.
Mrs Maxwell Scott.
He gave her bread and water and sent them away.
Some early Christian writers interpreted the three visitors as the triune God.
The seven letters spelling its name may represent each of the seven classic planets.
The author of the appendix to Tertullian De Praescr.
Joab, accustomed to avenging himself, took this opportunity to even the score with Absalom.
Absalom's sister Tamar was raped by Amnon, who was their half-brother.
If only I were the judge of the land!
It was in this time period that the Abydos boats were constructed.
The probable tomb of Menes is of the latter size.
The temple was renewed and enlarged by these pharaohs as well.
The following day, Alexander left Abydos and led his army north to Percote.
Ostensibly an ally, Abydos was hostile to Athens throughout this time.
Emperor Nikephoros I, Irene's successor, introduced a tax on slaves purchased beyond the city.
These are known as "phyllodes".
These burrow horizontally into the trunk then vertically down.
It is also used in paper tissue where it improves softness.
However, the center of the bay is not touched.
Tropical storms and hurricanes are threats from May through November.
Investigations are under way, but no arrests have yet been made.
These inventions were later commercialized by Apple Computer in their Lisa and Macintosh computers.
This greatly inspired Kay's evolving views on objects and programming.
These further influenced his views.
Such explicit procedures are called algorithms or "programs".
Its own output starts in column one.
A similar situation occurs with a random function passed as actual argument.
Nevertheless, diligence persisted during the entire period.
The loop thus prints out each word followed by its frequency count.
They hold the text or values in the individual text-fields in a record.
Odin and his wife, Frigg, are the rulers of Asgard.
Odin is the chief of Asagarth.
The Prose Edda presents two views regarding Asgard.
Also, there was no provision for docking with the Lunar Module.
Then, communications problems frustrated the astronauts and forced a hold in the simulated countdown.
This time the mission was successful.
Laws on assault vary by state.
South African law does not draw the distinction between assault and battery.
But we believe that none but Light-Elves inhabit these mansions now.
The latter etymology has resulted in a number of theories.
The brothers were once walking along a beach and found two trees there.
Further, the three gods gave them clothing and names.
The Alabama is navigable throughout the year.
The Edmund Pettus Bridge crosses the Alabama River near Selma.
Railways connect it with the mineral regions of north-central Alabama.
His mysticism, however, is far from being as absolute as that of the Victorines.
Alan's philosophy was a sort of mixture of Aristotelian logic and Neoplatonic philosophy.
The term Suebi has a double meaning in the sources.
He crossed the Rhine to forestall that event, a successful strategy.
The crossing is described in Wallace Breem's historical novel Eagle in the Snow.
As chairman, Kolton oversaw the introduction of options trading.
The paper shook Charles Lyell's belief that species were immutable.
Despite this, his fame faded quickly after his death.
I am thankful I can see much to admire in all religions.
They feared that federation would further entrench the power of the conservative forces.
The larger branches also have full-time assistant secretaries and organisers.
The current national president is Jack Boyd, from the New South Wales Right.
However this leaves no prize for herself.
However, the soot causes Alice to sneeze, sending Bill high up into the sky.
In the Disney film, the Dodo plays a much greater role in the story.
He was a member of the Franconian branch of the House of Hohenzollern.
Posthumously, he became known as "Alcibiades".
Albert's entanglements in Saxony stemmed from his desire to expand his inherited estates there.
Albert was a part of the army that besieged Demmin.
He procured the services of John Tetzel to sell the indulgences.
Albert forwarded the theses to Rome, suspecting Luther of heresy.
A generous patron of art and learning, he counted Erasmus among his friends.
Albert's rule in Prussia was fairly prosperous.
The early years of Albert's rule in Prussia were fairly prosperous.
This transition did not, however, take place without protest.
There is a shuttle-service between Aachen and the airport.
The city limits are long, of which border Belgium and the Netherlands.
The Romans built bathhouses near Burtscheid.
When sliced, it often shows a characteristic layering of concentric polygons.
When the matrix in which the agates are embedded disintegrates, they are set free.
"Crazy lace agate", found in Mexico, is often brightly colored and complexly patterned.
High doses may result in ringing in the ears.
Many drugs are receiving regulatory approval for only a single crystal form or polymorph.
Thromboxanes are responsible for the aggregation of platelets that form blood clots.
He then justifies it later by mentioning his brother.
Many travelers have recorded visiting the tomb over the centuries.
He requires from those who visit it a small gratuity.
He was buried in Ahmed I Mausoleum, Sultan Ahmed Mosque.
However, Ottoman success proved ephemeral.
The Ainu people had various types of marriage.
The Ainu usually used arrows to hunt deer.
Ezo deer were a particularly important food resource for the Ainu as were salmon.
An example in Ireland is the Rock of Cashel.
Clinical practice varies depending on the country.
It restricts the use of words like "Acupuncture" and "Registered Acupuncturist".
Acupuncture is a form of alternative medicine.
However, there is no certainty regarding the origin of his name.
He became the first true hero of Rome.
It was recovered in Mexico from wild varieties and is now commercially cultivated.
I envy you your beauty and your perfume.
"Amarant" is an archaic variant.
He buried him, honored with a tomb and a shrine to Aphrodite Argynnis.
Clytemnestra, Agamemnon's wife, had taken Aegisthus, son of Thyestes, as a lover.
There they respectively married Tyndareus' daughters Clytemnestra and Helen.
He was seized and his possessions were plundered by the government troops.
The British came to address Hasan Ali Shah as His Highness.
He was besieged at Bam for some fourteen months.
He also attended Eton and University of Cambridge.
In East Africa, major social welfare and economic development institutions were established.
He was British flat racing Champion Owner thirteen times.
Thenceforward he became a specialist in marine ichthyology.
But Agassiz refused to give up hope for the mines.
He also built a railroad and dredged a channel to navigable waters.
As a statesman he won himself both enthusiastic adherents and bitter enemies.
During these campaigns, Lysander attempted to manipulate Agesilaus into ceding his authority.
During these conflicts in mainland Greece, Lysander perished while attacking the walls of Thebes.
On his return he was appointed secretary to the Congregation of the Propaganda.
He died in Rome and was buried in Bergamo.
She is called Marie by some of the French chroniclers.
Her mother was Agnes of Rochlitz.
She returned with her children to Italy with Germanicus' ashes.
Augustus ordered Tiberius to adopt Germanicus as his son and heir.
She was a loyal, affectionate wife, who supported her husband.
Messalina was Agrippina's second paternal cousin.
Agrippina began to support Britannicus in her attempt to make him emperor.
They married, and Crispus became a step-father to Lucius.
Brown rice is often offered as an optional alternative to white rice.
They mostly lived together in ghettos, individually referred to as "Chinatown".
"Lo bac", in Cantonese, refers to a large, pungent white radish.
Hence he "assumed the insignia of royalty" as the "sovereign ruler of Afghanistan".
Ahmad Shah Durrani vacated Delhi soon after the battle.
He was born as Ahmed Khan.
He was born at Warrington, Lancashire into a distinguished literary family of prominent Unitarians.
His father, Doctor John Aikin, was a medical doctor, historian, and author.
He was highly esteemed as a man of sound judgement and wide knowledge.
The genus is native from east Asia south to northern Australasia.
Other Lepidoptera whose larvae feed on "Ailanthus" include "Endoclita malabaricus".
This also appears in the "Acta sanctorum".
Among these is at least one text predating the reign of Sargon.
The earliest records in the Akkadian language date to the time of Sargon.
He was the leader of the Locrian contingent during the Trojan War.
Thetis buried him when the corpse washed up on Myconos.
Ajax violently dragged her away to the other captives.
When Patroclus is killed, Hector tries to steal his body.
Ajax would wield his magnificent shield, as Teucer stood behind picking off enemy Trojans.
It is then that a competition is held to determine who deserves the armor.
Eventually, the Senate granted him a substantial subsidy.
But a storm battered his ships into pieces and many of his soldiers drowned.
Alaric was probably a child during this period.
There they captured the Roman usurper Peter and had him executed.
Albert agrees with this commentary but he also adds in harmony or agreement.
It is located on the campus of the University of Houston.
Alboin "invited her to drink merrily with her father".
In Lombard territory, churchmen were at least sure to avoid imperial religious persecution.
This view is met with scepticism by scholars such as Chris Wickham.
He did spare the lives of the deserters, but had them horribly mutilated.
While at Cochin, Albuquerque started a school.
At this time, his political enemies at the Portuguese court were planning his downfall.
The broad outlines of the poet's life are well known.
Ancient scholars quoted Alcaeus in support of various arguments.
In fact, eight important fragments have now been compiled from papyri - frs.
Her mother was Anaxo, daughter of Alcaeus and Astydamia.
During Amphitryon's expedition against the Taphians and Teleboans, Zeus visited Alcmene disguised as Amphitryon.
After a crash of thunder and light, the baby arrives without anyone's assistance.
Protection outside the Republic was more problematic, however.
Manutius met Andrea Torresani who had acquired publishing equipment from Nicholas Jensen's widow.
The Aldine Press also expanded into current languages, mainly Italian and French.
Another historian, H. J. Cowdrey, argued that the "laudes" were composed at Winchester.
Holding Worcester along with York allowed the archbishop sufficient revenue to support himself.
Two further leases exist in "Hemming's Cartulary" as copies only.
He left a son, Neoptolemus, and a daughter, Cadmea.
At the wedding Philip was assassinated by Pausanias of Orestis.
Success still followed his arms.
Alexander's claims were recognized by the Roman Senate, Ptolemy Philometor of Egypt and others.
He married Cleopatra Thea, a daughter of the Ptolemaic dynasty.
The actor was threatened with punishment because Alexander was so moved while watching.
His body was cast into the streets, and exposed to every indignity.
Plutarch gives a detailed account of it, with a lively picture of the palace.
It appears that he was in alliance with the Aetolians.
There are extant silver and copper coins of this king.
The former bear a youthful head covered with the skin of an elephant's head.
At the moment of the crash, the imperial family was in the dining car.
Bismarck failed to do what was expected of him by the Russian emperor.
Of his five surviving children, he was closest to his youngest two.
Walter Bower says the attackers were from Moray and Mearns.
This, says Wyntoun, is why he was named the "Fierce".
Alexander I has been depicted in a fantasy novel.
This action led to the sacking of Berwick-upon-Tweed as John's forces ravaged the north.
He repeatedly attempted negotiations and purchase, but without success.
They had no children.
Alexander was an only child, and it was imperative to secure the succession.
His mother became his regent.
His action won popular support, as did his appointment of a radical ministry.
Some texts have said that he fell off a cliff.
Norway retained only Orkney and Shetland in the area.
"On the Principles of the Universe" is preserved in Arabic translation.
Alexander's band, an optical phenomenon, is named after him.
There are also several extant original writings by Alexander.
Lampridius documents two theories that elaborate on Severus's assassination.
He was extremely tolerant of Jews and Christians alike.
Alexander's reign was also characterized by a significant breakdown of military discipline.
In the Iliad, the character Paris is known also as Alexander.
Most later Alexanders in various countries were directly or indirectly named for him.
Some anapaestic verses in praise of Euripides are preserved in Gellius.
Alexander's Hasmonean army quickly defeated Zoilus's forces with little trouble.
A victor issues from Jacob to wipe out what is left of Ir.
The greatest impact of the war was the victor's revenge.
Paulician soldiers in imperial service likewise deserted during Alexios' battles with the Normans.
Alexios' last years were also troubled by anxieties over the succession.
He obliged, sending a complete assurance for the family with his own cross.
It was said he had a son, called Stephanus, who also wrote comedies.
They attest to the author's wit and refinement, which Athenaeus praises.
The main sources of the fragments of Alexis are Stobaeus and Athenaeus.
He entered Constantinople, received with almost divine honours, and overthrew the government.
Byzantine authority survived, but in a much weakened state.
Alexios was now closer to the imperial throne than ever before.
These actions inevitably led to the financial ruin of the state.
Instead, Alexios Doukas used his access to the palace to arrest the emperors.
An attempted surprise attack against the crusader camp failed despite the Emperor's personal leadership.
Alexei had strong leanings towards archaeology and ecclesiology.
Alexis was drunk constantly and Alexei pronounced his bride "pock-marked" and "too thin".
All this was done to terrorize the reactionaries and isolate the tsarevich.
Jackson was severely wounded by Jesse with a gunshot to the shoulder.
Jackson faced the threat of secession by South Carolina over the Tariff of Abominations.
Under Taney, the deposits began to be removed.
Johnson and his party traveled through the Blue Ridge Mountains to Greeneville, Tennessee.
In Greeneville, Johnson established a successful tailoring business in the front of his home.
Though she suffered from Tuberculosis, Eliza supported her husband's endeavors.
Ignat Solzhenitsyn is the music director of The Chamber Orchestra of Philadelphia.
The shield in the coat of arms is supported by two leopards.
The suburb of Dyce also won the Small Towns award.
The "Energetica" initiative led by Scottish Enterprise has been designed to accelerate this process.
Natalius soon repented and tearfully begged Pope Zephyrinus to receive him into communion.
The emperors frequently imposed their own nominees to further their own causes.
Antipopes have appeared as fictional characters.
Farming also implies individual or corporate ownership of the stock being cultivated.
Early aquaculturists fed their brood using nymphs and silkworm feces, and ate them.
First, fix a particular axiomatic system S for the natural numbers.
Using this statement, one can define an analogue of mutual information for Kolmogorov complexity.
Otherwise, "s" is incompressible by "c".
He had tried to reverse the official endorsement of Christianity by the Roman Empire.
A number of educational establishments are named in Alfred's honour.
Alfred meant the translation to be used, and circulated it to all his bishops.
It is thought that he may have suffered from Crohn's disease.
In his later years Algardi controlled a large studio and amassed a great fortune.
His terracotta models, some of them finished works of art, were prized by collectors.
An outstanding series of terracotta models is at the Hermitage Museum, Saint Petersburg.
Its proximity to the Mediterranean Sea aids in moderating the city's temperatures.
The casbah and the two quays form a triangle.
The interior resembles that of the Grand Mosque.
This work enjoyed a great reputation during the Middle Ages.
In all, A.
In his work, Alhazen discussed theories on the motion of a body.
Among his collaborators was Giovanni Maria Butteri and his main pupil was Giovanni Bizzelli.
Ibn Yasin, however, found a more favorable reception among the neighboring Lamtuna people.
The Berghouata resisted.
At this time, Ifriqiya was in ferment.
Most aloe juices today do not contain significant aloin.
Many genera, such as "Lomatophyllum", have been brought into synonymy.
The circumscription of the genus has varied widely.
The sarcophagus and its contents had been removed by early plunderers of the tomb.
In "The Histories", Herodotus recounts how Alyattes continued his father's war against Miletus.
All that was left were some broken alabaster vases, pottery and charcoal.
Most jurisdictions have set a fixed age of consent.
This has led to gender-neutral laws in many jurisdictions.
Whether or not these images are legal is debated.
He replaced Flavius Martinus after that vicarius' suicide.
Amalasuntha believed this pairing would help to make supporters out of her harshest critics.
Shortly after Amalasuntha's murder, Theodahad would be replaced by Witigis, Amalasuntha's son-in-law.
With the people's support, Witigis would have Theodahad put to death.
These are the known ancestors of Afonso Henriques, going back five generations.
With this papal blessing, Portugal was at last secured as a kingdom.
Conflict between the two was constant and bitter in the following years.
These eventually created a state within the state.
Other reforms included the always delicate matters with the pope.
These were mainly concerned with private property, civil justice, and minting.
They had no surviving children.
Afonso, of course, did not refuse the papal order and consequently marched to Portugal.
Afonso showed extraordinary vision for the time.
The notorious rivalry between the half brothers led to civil war several times.
Afonso died almost immediately after, in Lisbon in May.
His sobriquet refers to his conquests in Northern Africa.
Afonso V then turned his attentions to North Africa.
These achievements granted the king the nickname of "the African" or "Africano".
He also negotiated a French alliance through his marriage.
However, the king was physically and mentally weak.
Several precursor kingdoms have had an Alfonso I.
He was the governor of the palace during the reign of Adosinda's husband Silo.
Officially, his father was her husband, Infante Francis.
These rumours were used as political propaganda against Alfonso by the Carlists.
His mother's accession created the second cause of instability, which was the Carlist Wars.
He found her attractive, and she returned his interest.
A sixth illegitimate child was born before his marriage.
In May, diplomats of both kingdoms officially executed the agreement of marriage.
He was dead by September.
Many Frenchmen consequently joined Alfonso at Ayerbe.
It is a small genus of flowering bulbs, with two species.
The plant has a symbiotic relationship with carpenter bees.
However Alfonso died before meeting his bride.
During the reign of his father, he was the procurator general of the Crown.
Several "heads of the fleet" are known.
His court is relatively well known.
Under Amasis, Egypt's agricultural based economy reached its zenith.
Sforza and Joanna ransomed Caracciolo and retreated to the fortress of Aversa.
The Duke of Milan, Filippo Maria Visconti, joined the anti-Aragonese coalition.
Alfonso was the object of diplomatic contacts from the empire of Ethiopia.
The pre-history of Amathus mixes myth and archaeology.
It was said in antiquity that the people of Amathus were autochthonous, or "Pelasgian".
A special burial ground for infants, a "tophet" served the culture of the Phoenicians.
Their importance is considered equal to those of the Bergonzi, Guarneri and Stradivari families.
He was the most eminent of the family.
What became of this first violin is not known.
Greeks also used epithets for them.
Homer tells that the Amazons were sought and found somewhere near Lycia.
One day a Scythian and an Amazon came close.
Ambergris takes years to form.
His plan is to recover the corpse himself in hopes that it contains ambergris.
Perfumes can still be found with ambergris around the world.
There were several tribes in the country who fought against each other frequently.
As they approached the besieged Roman camp, the Belgae moved to engage Caesar's troops.
It is the richest tropical forest in the world in terms of biodiversity.
They continued downriver through an uninhabited area, where they could not find food.
They are best represented by the Marajoara culture.
Geoffrey of Monmouth and Simeon of Durham are Alfred's chief sources.
He wrote a considerable number of works on the Bible and religious subjects generally.
The weather was burning hot.
Thereafter, he never went to the Kaaba to pray to the idols.
One of such contingents was under the command of Abu Bakr.
He is honored as a saint by the Camaldolese Order.
In his study of Greek literature his master was Emmanuel Chrysoloras.
He died soon after.
Other early nuns were the Blessed Juliana of Puriselli, Benedetta Bimia, and Lucia Alciata.
Various monasteries were founded on these lines, but without any formal bond between them.
There was a rector, or superior general, who was assisted by two "visitors".
This commentary was erroneously attributed for a long time to Saint Ambrose.
Despite the elusive identity of Ambrosiaster, several facts about him can be established.
Attempts to identify this Ambrosiaster with known authors has continued, but with no success.
Frank D. Reno suggests a connection or identification of Ambrosius with Vortimer.
The result is the so-called Giants' Ring.
In both he is called "Aurelius" for short.
The people of this kingdom are called "Children of Ammon" or "Ammonites".
She was the mother of Solomon's successor, Rehoboam.
Little mention is made of the Ammonites through the Persian and early Hellenistic periods.
He also taught Asclepius of Tralles, John Philoponus, Damascius and Simplicius.
Of his reputedly numerous writings, only his commentary on Aristotle's "De Interpretatione" survives intact.
It is quite possible that Ammonius Saccas taught both Origens.
Little is known about Ammonius's role in the development of Neoplatonism.
Most details of his life come from the fragments left from Porphyry's writings.
This phrase becomes important within future prophetic and apocalyptic literature.
God's name must be exalted.
Amos is the first prophet to use the term the Day of the Lord.
The Athenian population remained very much in the minority in the city.
The large size of the tumulus indicates the prominence of the burials made there.
The bishopric is today listed by the Catholic Church as a titular see.
He is praised for his faith in the Epistle to the Hebrews.
Commentators of the Quran have linked two individuals to the name Imran.
The other three ancient Israelites who died without sin, being Benjamin, Jesse and Chileab.
He was the first of its rulers to have diplomatic relations with other states.
He married Eurydice and they had a son Alexander.
The history of Macedonia may be said to begin with Amyntas' reign.
He is historically considered the founder of the unified Macedonian state.
Amyntas shipped the timber to the house of the Athenian Timotheus, in Piraeus.
In response, Amyntas sought additional allies.
Reputedly a forerunner of the Cynics, none of his works has survived.
But give it to your fellow-citizens instead, or let the immortal gods have it.
Come and visit me, and you will find me at peace.
One minaret is particularly old.
Its early history under the Babylonians is uncertain.
He got possession of the place and relocated its inhabitants.
But...Ananda will experience final liberation in this very life.
For that reason, he was known as the "Guardian of the Dharma".
It gave distinctness and reality to the aggregates of like parts.
There he is said to have remained for thirty years.
Anaxagoras brought philosophy and the spirit of scientific inquiry from Ionia to Athens.
The reports of his philosophical views suggest that he was a forerunner of Pyrrhonism.
Anaxarchus was born at Abdera in Thrace.
As a rhetorician, he was a determined opponent of Isocrates and his school.
This attribution has, however, been disputed by some scholars.
Anaximenes, like others in his school of thought, practiced material monism.
In contrast, water evaporates into air, which ignites and produces flame when further rarefied.
The Anaximenes crater on the Moon is named in his honor.
He also built Rome's first prison, the Mamertine prison.
The Latins initially made an incursion on Roman lands.
The war then focused on the Latin town of Medullia.
North Andamans is characterised by the wet evergreen type, with plenty of woody climbers.
The airport is under the control of the Indian Navy.
On the third day, they were attacked with iron-tipped spears by naked islanders.
He wrote other works that have since been lost.
Callias also charged him with violating the laws respecting the temple at Eleusis.
Soon afterwards, however, he was set free, or escaped from prison.
He never returned afterwards, and seems to have died soon after this blow.
However, royal revenues had significantly diminished.
Coloman and Andrew each ruled the Principality of Halych for a short period.
The end product of his labours was the "Enquiry".
This is also, presumably, the "principle" that organizes the connections between ideas.
Third, he thinks that those who hold onto the miraculous have tended towards barbarism.
Andrew was accompanied on this mission by brother Jacques.
His reign lasted just one year.
Andriscus' brief reign over Macedonia was marked by cruelty and extortion.
After this, Macedonia was formally reduced to a Roman province.
An alliance with Bulgaria failed to secure any gains for the Byzantine empire.
Byzantine sources do not attest to the meeting.
However, this victory failed to stem significantly the Ottoman advance in Asia Minor.
In spite of some successes, the Catalans were unable to secure lasting gains.
There they conquered the Duchy of Athens and Thebes.
Andronikos was granted estates in Kakhetia, in the east of Georgia.
Here the charms of his niece, Eudoxia, attracted him and she became his mistress.
When Andronikos arrived he found that Isaac had been proclaimed Emperor.
It is octagonal, with figures carved on each side, representing the eight principal winds.
From this model is derived the custom of placing weathercocks on steeples.
He is reported to have been the eleventh scholarch of the Peripatetic school.
None of these works is extant.
The name has the sense of "male victor, warrior".
He eventually settled in Rome and began the "Res Gestae".
Because of the aborted landing, this experiment was never deployed.
They photographed it for later analysis of the accident's cause.
Low power levels made even voice communications difficult.
Schirra thus became the only astronaut to fly Mercury, Gemini and Apollo missions.
I think you're too late now to do much about it.
The mission was the second manned launch of a Saturn V rocket.
These names were required as radio call signs when the vehicles flew independently.
Of these, osteoarthritis is the fastest increasing major health condition.
Overall the disease becomes more common with age.
Risk factors for osteoarthritis include prior joint trauma, obesity, and a sedentary lifestyle.
It is selectively hydrogenated into ethylene, usually using Pd-Ag catalysts.
Since acetylene is a linear symmetrical molecule, it possesses the D point group.
It was also used as an early light source for lighthouses.
The term "Arabic numerals" is ambiguous.
The numeral system employed, known as algorism, is positional decimal notation.
Ghubar numerals themselves are probably of Roman origin.
With her son's consent - indeed encouragement - Apuleius agreed to marry her.
Apuleius was an initiate in several Greco-Roman mysteries, including the Dionysian Mysteries.
He is dressed in the familiar hirsute goatskins, his feet and shins bare.
Unfortunately for Selkirk, both were Spanish.
He was soon off to sea again, having enlisted in the Royal Navy.
Development was discontinued later in favor of a limited ground-based defense.
It may also act as an anti-satellite weapon.
This led to intense debates about the "cost-exchange ratio" between interceptors and warheads.
The word "furlong" itself derives from the fact that it is "one furrow long".
Consequently, the international acre is exactly square metres.
The most common use of the acre is to measure tracts of land.
In prokaryotes, multiple electron acceptors can be used in anaerobic respiration.
These include nitrate, sulfate or carbon dioxide.
Self prescription of antibiotics is an example of misuse.
To avoid surgery, antibiotics may be given for non-complicated acute appendicitis.
Phage therapy is another method for treating antibiotic-resistant strains of bacteria.
No one was harmed in the incident.
This was his final film before taking time to recuperate from a back injury.
Schwarzenegger would have voiced the Governator.
Actiaca Aera was a computation of time from the battle.
Pinckney was jailed for two months until being released on bail.
The Orlando Magic are owned by the DeVos family.
Samuelson concludes: Smith was unable to prove the essence of his invisible-hand doctrine.
Wherever there is great property there is great inequality.
Stein writes that Smith was not pure or doctrinaire about this idea.
He also pushed for public education in the sciences.
Antoine Lavoisier is commonly cited as a central contributor to the chemical revolution.
Lavoisier's experiments supported the law of conservation of mass.
He was a Professor at Marburg and Leipzig.
He was survived by four children.
They had four children.
He later attended Kirori Mal College, University of Delhi.
All of them were successful at the box office.
Amitabh Bachchan has invested in many upcoming business ventures.
Thus, allomorphy was no longer directly relatable to phonological processes.
For example, in English, a past tense morpheme is "-ed".
Examples include the past tense and the plural morphemes.
For example, English has both oral and nasal allophones of its vowels.
When they are realized without much allophonic variation, a simple "broad transcription" is used.
Hawaiian and Toki Pona.
They are bound morphemes by definition; prefixes and suffixes may be separable affixes.
"Prefix" and "suffix" are extremely common terms.
In other cases, the lexical suffixes have become grammaticalized to various degrees.
The story of the apple falling onto Isaac Newton's head is another famous allegory.
The allegory was as true as the facts of surface appearances.
This is allegoresis, or the act of reading a story as an allegory.
The term "allotropy" is used for elements only, not for compounds.
Another contributing factor is the ability of an element to catenate.
He was twice banished for attempting to overthrow the oligarchical party in Syracuse.
Theoxena survived Agathocles.
In Africa he concluded the treaty with Ophellas, ruler of Cyrenaica.
Oil and gas exports have been possible because of increasing pipeline technology.
Urban development has also been most advanced in the parkland belt.
Alberta has always been an export-oriented economy.
The famous mathematician Lagrange was also a friend of the Cauchy family.
Cauchy was by then a rising mathematical star, who certainly merited a professorship.
The contour integral is taken counter-clockwise.
He introduced this result without offering any explanation of how he had obtained it.
Archimedes' machine was a device with a revolving screw-shaped blade inside a cylinder.
He asked Can there be any reasonable 'alternative'?
Americans spend many billions on the therapies annually.
Some have proposed adopting a prize system to reward medical research.
The last construction we use here is truncation of both corners and edges.
The duals of the Archimedean solids are called the Catalan solids.
Starting with a Platonic solid, truncation involves cutting away of corners.
The dual polyhedra of the antiprisms are the trapezohedra.
The symmetry group contains inversion if and only if "n" is odd.
The secretary-bird is common in the south.
Among the birds most characteristic of Africa are the ostrich and the secretary-bird.
Baboons and mandrills, with few exceptions, are peculiar to Africa.
Malaria is the most deadly environmental disease in Africa.
An important branch, however - the Benue-flows from the southeast.
Other ways of extending Approval voting to multiple winner elections have been devised.
Voting strategy under approval is guided by two competing features of approval voting.
As a result, they vote for any candidate with an above-average utility.
The underground library lights the beacon at night.
Arizona State University has an active extracurricular involvement program.
Recently lyrics were added to the song.
Summers are cool, although short heat waves can occur.
He arrived just two months after the Pacific Fur Company's ship, the "Tonquin".
Snowfall is relatively rare, occurring in only three-fifths of years.
It was the first publication to focus solely on role-playing games.
His military experience eventually inspired his novel "Days and Nights".
He wrote plays, novels, poetry, essays and speculative journalism.
He did not enjoy games or spectacles, although he liked to hunt.
Melisende was defeated in this struggle and Baldwin ruled alone thereafter.
Nevertheless, consanguinity was enough for the opposition.
Guy's opponents supported Conrad of Montferrat who married Sybilla's half-sister, Isabella in late November.
Guy settled in Cyprus in early May.
He summoned his vassals to an assembly.
Eutocius's commentary on Apollonius's "Conics" was dedicated to Anthemius.
Anthemius was a capable mathematician.
This work was later known to Arab mathematicians such as Alhazen.
He even advocated forgiving the earlier enemies of Valdemar, which helped stabilize Denmark internally.
Absalon was equally great as churchman, statesman and warrior.
Eventual violation of the law was specified as subject to a secular legal process.
However, the lower-class soldiers continued to think of Adhemar as a leader.
The county of Toulouse, since then, was joined to Alphonse's "appanage".
His main work was on his own estates.
Alphonse's death without heirs raised some questions as to the succession to his lands.
He was given the name "Jourdain" after being baptised in the Jordan River.
Bernard even went there to preach against the heresy, an early expression of Catharism.
Ambroise followed Richard I as a noncombatant, and not improbably as a court-minstrel.
The Streamline style made it appear that the building itself was in motion.
Rapidly changing fashions in clothing brought new styles of jewelry.
Efforts are underway to bring the buildings back to their original color and appearance.
Such art can be loaded into screen memory directly.
The "oldskool" art looks more like the outlined drawings of shapes than real pictures.
American blends include "motel, guesstimate, infomercial" and "televangelist.
American English also favors the double quotation mark over single.
The tour returned to grand receptions in New York, Philadelphia, and Chicago.
With William Hulbert, Spalding organized the National League.
The Spaldings raised race horses and collected Chinese fine furniture and art.
This is negotiated before the game starts.
Position of the starting tiles determines order of play.
Chains are sets of edge-wise adjacent tiles.
A quarter of the convicts were Irish.
Preference for synonymous words also differs between states.
Australian print media, including digital media, today strongly favour "-our" endings.
The ceremony also honored the five victims whose remains were never found.
Firefighters from Fort Myer and Reagan National Airport arrived within minutes.
He felt the impact from the crash at his home near the Pentagon.
Ambushes have been used consistently throughout history, from ancient to modern warfare.
The Germanic victory caused a limit on Roman expansion in the West.
They are, however, subjects of considerable academic interest.
So far, all catalytic antibodies produced have displayed only modest, weak catalytic activity.
The antibodies are ineffective because of the virus' ability to change their coats rapidly.
An example of adaptive radiation would be the avian species of the Hawaiian honeycreepers.
Both empirical and theoretical approaches are helpful, though each has its disadvantages.
A classic example is the evolution of a fourth cusp in the mammalian tooth.
Samples are also easily recovered.
Higher concentration gel would have higher electroosmotic flow.
The degree and pattern of dominance varies among loci.
These chromosomes are referred to as homologous chromosomes.
Examples include red-green color blindness and fragile X syndrome.
Other conditions may develop up several weeks after treatment.
Ampicillin use can make oral contraceptives less effective.
Ampicillin is used to treat infections by many Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria.
Diarrhea caused by "C. difficile" can be life-threatening.
Serious complications such as temporary paralysis can also occur.
Overuse of antibiotics has become the primary cause of rising levels of antibiotic resistance.
Neoantigen identification was successful for multiple experimental model systems and human malignancies.
Cytotoxic T lymphocytes that recognize these antigens may be able to destroy tumor cells.
Allosomes, on the other hand, have different form and thereby determine sex.
Autosomal aneuploidy can also result in disease conditions.
These disorders manifest in and are passed on by either sex with equal frequency.
Rather, they were apostates.
The voltaic pile replaced the goblets with cardboard soaked in brine.
Volta carried out his experimental studies and produced his first inventions near Como.
Volta's remains were buried in Camnago Volta.
The genitive was "Argus Navis", abbreviated "Arg".
It was unwieldy due to its enormous size.
Four constellations are associated with the myth.
Its name means "pump" in Latin; it represents an air pump.
It is slightly variable.
The two stars will eventually merge to form a single fast-spinning star.
Seven star systems host planets.
However, depictions of Ara often vary in their details.
Throughout the state, guerrilla warfare ravaged the countryside and destroyed cities.
The southern lowlands include the Gulf Coastal Plain and the Arkansas Delta.
White rural interests continued to dominate the state's politics until the Civil Rights Movement.
The five brightest stars are all reddish in hue.
The separate components can be resolved with the naked eye.
The five brightest stars are all red-tinged, which is unusual among constellations.
An etymology for this name is presented by 'B.
Abadan today has been declared as a free zone city.
In this time period, it was a commercial source of salt and woven mats.
I hope this evil can be averted.
Fleming cautioned about the use of penicillin in his many speeches around the world.
Carnegie also held a strong opinion against inherited wealth.
Carnegie believed that the combined country's power would maintain world peace and disarmament.
The institution eventually loses its "original spirit, and sinks into a lifeless mechanism".
Similarly, languages often avoid configurations where a semivowel precedes its corresponding vowel.
Non-high semivowels also occur.
Voiceless approximants are rarely distinguished from voiceless fricatives.
There was also formerly a Royal Astronomer of Ireland.
These changes have certain limits - in bothcausal space and causal time.
Thisenergy re-orders, or changes, the causal.
Growth of the industry in recent years raised a number of ecological questions.
These alliances can act as virtual mergers to get around government restrictions.
Following World War One, the United States found itself swamped with aviators.
In other words, a democratic party.
In particular, Chipp's former conservative affiliation was frequently recalled by opponents on the left.
This part of their plan never came to fruition.
The economic activity of the Australian Capital Territory is heavily concentrated around Canberra.
These include the Naas and Murrumbidgee Rivers.
Alcohol may be metabolised more slowly if liver function is impaired.
The background score for the show was composed by Danny Lux.
Her song "Searchin' My Soul" became the show's theme song.
They also released a special complete series edition on the same day.
In it, the author informs a young pupil, Walter, of the pitfalls of love.
"De Amore" is made up of three books.
The meaning of "De Amore" has been debated over the centuries.
The two organizations share office space and employees.
They listed forty-four volunteer attorneys who assisted them in those cases.
David J. Miller was the first person prosecuted for burning his draft card.
Following a fierce backlash Adobe decided to provide the software patch.
The company was started in John Warnock's garage.
The service was later renamed to "Adobe Revel".
But the evidence in these areas is limited and more studies are needed.
The method is said by actors to reduce stage fright and to increase spontaneity.
He is regarded as the founder of the French school of legal humanists.
The measurement of apparent magnitudes or brightnesses of celestial objects is known as photometry.
Astronomers have developed other photometric zeropoint systems as alternatives to the Vega system.
Sometimes one might wish to add brightnesses.
The more luminous an object, the smaller the numerical value of its absolute magnitude.
The measurement of absolute magnitude is made with an instrument called a bolometer.
It is defined based on the luminosity of the stars.
Gus Grissom and Roger Chaffee were buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
Atwood elected to fire Storms.
The Moon is seen in the distance, symbolic of the eventual program goal.
The fuel tanks weren't full.
The Earth is visible in the background.
Conrad later said he was never able to collect the money.
Television coverage of this mission was thus terminated almost immediately.
The Moon's gravity would then slingshot the stage into solar orbit.
Roosa, meanwhile, took pictures from on board Command Module "Kitty Hawk" in lunar orbit.
The astronauts also engaged in less serious activities on the Moon.
A gold band around the edge includes the mission and astronaut names.
All was well however, with only minor damage suffered.
He became quite adept at making geologic observations as objects passed below.
Although it could be driven by either astronaut, the Commander always drove.
The systems were found to be functioning as expected.
But not for long: inexorably, the subsatellite's orbit carried it back toward the Moon.
At the request of Young and Duke, the moonwalk was extended by ten minutes.
Three white stars above the red bars represent the three crewmen of the mission.
The background includes the Moon, the planet Saturn and a galaxy or nebula.
The crew completed this moonwalk after seven hours and thirty-seven minutes.
Most eighteenth-century Americans believed that nature, the entire universe, was God's creation.
Bailyn, on the other hand, denies that religion played such a critical role.
The new nation would be confined to the area east of the Appalachian Mountains.
Most of the rest of his time is spent directing.
Ayckbourn, however, continues to write and direct his own work at the theatre.
The show ran in The Stephen Joseph Theatre and received critical acclaim.
These stellar motions were unknown to ancient astronomers.
Such motions define the "high-proper-motion stars".
The Replay board is designed to implement many older computers and classic arcade machines.
It appears in two versions, initially a tower model and later a cube.
It had existed before the Sony PlayStation and Sega Saturn, but had influenced them.
There are two genera included here.
Reproduction takes place by fission, with open mitosis.
This area he named Storm Bay.
The next day, an attempt was made to land in North Bay.
Tasman got the assistance of the governor Adriaan van der Stel.
The answer to the second question is given by Hilbert's Nullstellensatz.
Equivalently, they are birationally equivalent if their function fields are isomorphic.
In the same period began the algebraization of the algebraic geometry through commutative algebra.
An Amtrak "Texas Eagle" station is located in west downtown.
The "Tribune" is "user-supported" through donations, a business model similar to public radio.
Arguments from morality tend to be based on moral normativity or moral order.
German philosopher Immanuel Kant devised an argument from morality based on practical reason.
Newman proposed that, to explain the conscience, God must exist.
Curators said that similar incidents happen once or twice a year.
Prisoner populations ranged from several dozen to several thousand.
Securing enough food for thousands of former prisoners was a constant challenge.
The word comes from the Latin "arcus".
The Navajo people have developed highly ornamented bracers as non-functional items of adornment.
A direct effect of these energy transfers can clearly be seen when dry firing.
Hugo Alvar Henrik Aalto was born in Kuortane, Finland.
His studies were interrupted by the Finnish Civil War, which he fought in.
This building was the first building of Aalto's redbrick period.
Webster chose already-existing alternative spellings "on such grounds as simplicity, analogy or etymology".
The word "football" in BrE refers to Association football, also known as soccer.
Atomic semantics are very strong.
An atomic register provides strong guarantees even when there is concurrency and failures.
The phytoplankton takes carbon from the atmosphere during photosynthesis.
The current is strongly constrained by landform and bathymetric features.
Size and distribution of phytoplankton are also related to fronts.
Arbor Day in Samoa is celebrated on the first Friday in November.
The week was simultaneously celebrated in a number of states in the country.
All wrapped up in a fun party atmosphere, joy, music and renew.
Ayer responded to this in the essay Has Austin Refuted the Sense-data Theory?
We are both pre-eminent in our field.
Ayer and Tyson then began to talk, while Naomi Campbell slipped out.
The Weil conjecture on Tamagawa numbers proved resistant for many years.
While in Germany, Weil befriended Carl Ludwig Siegel.
They then moved into the region later called Achaea.
Sons of Xuthos and Kreousa, daughter of Erechthea, were Ion and Achaeus.
The etymology of "Danaoi" is uncertain; according to Beekes "the name is certainly Pre-Greek".
Selberg had two children, Ingrid Selberg and Lars Selberg.
Ingrid Selberg is married to playwright Mustapha Matura.
Angered by his daughter's disobedience, Danaus orders her imprisonment and, possibly, her execution.
A number of these trilogies treated myths surrounding the Trojan War.
During Aeschylus's lifetime, dramatic competitions became part of the City Dionysia in the spring.
Prehistoric trade routes between Northern and Southern Europe were defined by the amber trade.
The route continued by following the Meuse River towards Bern in Switzerland.
Crandall is operated by the Convention of Atlantic Baptist Churches.
Joseph Crandall, a pioneering Baptist minister in the maritime region.
The institution was the first, and thus far only, English university in Moncton.
Wiles attended King's College School, Cambridge, and The Leys School, Cambridge.
Wiles tried and failed for over a year to repair his proof.
The modularity theorem involved elliptic curves, which was also Wiles's own specialist area.
Emily's death deeply affected Anne, and her grief undermined her physical health.
It was, however, far too late.
The rest of her time was spent with the Robinsons at Thorp Green.
This work is an outpouring of thanksgiving and penitence.
The hermits did not believe so; the canons affirmed that they were.
Epistemological concerns shaped Augustine's intellectual development.
Training may also start at a very young age.
Classes may also include psychotechnique, mask work, physical theatre, improvisation, and acting for camera.
Bob Hoskins, for example, had no formal training before becoming an actor.
Lesbos tried to revolt first, and failed completely.
Pangaion threatened and defected from the League to Persia.
War with the Persians continued.
Horch was born in Winningen, Rhenish Prussia.
After receiving a degree in engineering, he worked in shipbuilding.
He was made an honorary professor at Braunschweig University of Technology.
The term "avionics" is a portmanteau of the words "aviation" and "electronics".
Modern avionics is a substantial portion of military aircraft spending.
In helicopters, auto-stabilization was used in a similar way.
Paul the Apostle later preached about Christianity there.
Helios discovered the two and alerted Hephaestus.
Ares was also worshipped by the inhabitants of Tylos.
Very few people visited him afterward.
Working on his own, he rediscovered the Lebesgue measure.
Many others were involved.
Towns Hospital after drinking four beers on the way-the last alcohol he ever drank.
Less than half were likely to recommend self-help groups to their clients.
It is something like that with alcoholism.
Conversely, if it is completely opaque, the blended color will be the foreground color.
This can be expressed as A over B.
The in operator is the alpha compositing equivalent of clipping.
Memory-wise, arrays are compact data structures with no per-element overhead.
They effectively exploit the addressing logic of computers.
Array accesses with statically predictable access patterns are a major source of data parallelism.
The original song was four verses long.
It was also frequently played at the start or end of official functions.
A parliamentary colleague, Peter Slipper, said that Australia should consider another anthem.
Many of the listed numbers no longer work.
The list is presented by area code, number and location.
In Canada, this behaviour has always been more difficult.
Vespucci was a cousin of the husband of Simonetta Vespucci.
Two letters attributed to Vespucci were published during his lifetime.
Not long after his return to Spain, Vespucci became a Spanish citizen.
Their only son, Lucian, was born that October.
He died in Banyuls at the age of eighty-three, in an automobile accident.
Instead, Pauline ordered Canova to make the statue a nude Venus.
He led Antonio into the art of sculpting.
Widely praised, the works won Canova his first renown among the Venetian elite.
It was a pivotal time in his life.
Rodin said, It is Michelangelo who has freed me from academic sculpture.
He replaced its former president, James Abbott McNeill Whistler, upon Whistler's death.
Spring and autumn are transitional between the two.
It ranked safer than cities such as Royal Oak, Livonia, Canton and Clinton Township.
After her the crowns would descend only to her non-Roman Catholic heirs.
Some of those provisions have been altered by subsequent legislation.
But Saint Andrews' place in the line of succession was significantly lower than Phillips'.
Settlements do not always meet the hijackers' original demands.
The hijackers had weapons which they used to attack cabin crew and passengers.
Cockpit doors on most commercial aircraft have been strengthened and are now bullet resistant.
To the south of the entrance is the tiny Temple of Athena Nike.
The entrance to the Acropolis was a monumental gateway called the Propylaea.
The entrance, facing east, is lined with six Ionic columns.
Adam Weishaupt is briefly mentioned in Umberto Eco's novel "The Prague Cemetery".
He adopted the name of "Brother Spartacus" within the order.
Weishaupt lost his position at the University of Ingolstadt and fled Bavaria.
These required their own power-supply.
The polyphony was achieved via fast note-switching to achieve the necessary chords.
This interface did not make it to market.
Vinge expands on Pham's backstory in "A Deepness in the Sky".
But even biological intelligence is affected to a lesser degree.
Before the mission is launched, the Blight attacks Relay and concurrently kills Old One.
Although his designs were rational, they were not based on particularly good science.
An early example appears in ancient Egyptian texts.
The balloon envelope was made of goldbeaters skin.
Consequently, their role in the history of film was exceedingly brief.
The debate therefore continues.
On a visit to Jerusalem he is set on by a Jewish mob.
There are also differences between Luke and Acts, amounting at times to outright contradiction.
The Assyrians also sided with the British during the Iraqi revolt against the British.
After his defeat he decided to siege the city.
He was passionately fond of hunting and was also a great builder.
In Russian it is only used as a female name.
Results of the study concluded significant increases in the participant's expressive language.
There are two types of strokes: ischemic stroke and hemorrhagic stroke.
Facial communication is a significant portion of how animals interact with each other.
In addition to these blood vessels, the aortic arch crosses the left main bronchus.
It runs through a common pericardial sheath with the pulmonary trunk.
The posterior aortic sinus does not give rise to a coronary artery.
He developed the talloc hierarchical memory allocator, originally as part of Samba.
Linux and open-source companies were quite a new concept at this stage.
Tridgell completed a PhD at the Computer Sciences Laboratory of the Australian National University.
These are two features that called machine-language routines stored in memory.
Many graphics programs thus contained their own bitmap character generator routines.
If they are given values outside that range, an error results.
Many gamebooks, board games and video games are based upon the "Asterix" series.
But Goscinny had a different picture in his mind.
"Pilote" was taken over by Georges Dargaud.
Following is a list of inductees and the dates that they were inducted.
The team thought the pink accents looked better with white uniforms than with red.
He forced the city to make a choice between the two leagues.
The following day, Mike Smith was fired after seven seasons as head coach.
Over this time, a heated rivalry has developed between the two cities' franchises.
Wotansvolk for example is an explicitly racial form.
However, in practice, there is no such neat division in terminology.
This concept is similar to quantum teleportation due to entanglement.
However, in reality, quark confinement prevents quarks from being separated by any observable distance.
Butler suggests that the incident was orchestrated by enemies of his family.
Later Bishop Dietmar of Prague ordained him a Roman Catholic priest.
He became an anchorite before being elected abbot of Bath Abbey.
The resulting structure is called a bialgebra.
This is vaguely related to the notion of coalgebra discussed above.
In particular, any commutative ring is an algebra over any of its subrings.
This contradicts the fact that they are disjoint sets.
They are fake natural numbers which are "larger" than any actual natural number.
It must be either "X" or "Y".
Several new features, including better scalability, enhanced clustering and management capabilities were added.
One of the more popular desktop applications was the PageMaker desktop publishing software.
Using Active Memory Expansion can improve system utilization and increase a system's throughput.
By that point, Apple was deep in their ultimately doomed Copland efforts.
Details of how this would work were sketchy.
It provided a datagram service with no guarantees of delivery.
One new feature it had was a numeric keypad.
These pulses can translate into "pixels" on the computer screen.
It had the internal code name of "Sara", named after Sander's daughter.
This upgrade had to be installed by an authorized service technician.
Other analyses blame a faulty automatic chip insertion process, not heat.
It was the first such data structure to be invented.
Aliphatic compounds can be saturated, like hexane, or unsaturated, like hexene and hexyne.
The Anglo-Irish satirist Jonathan Swift ridiculed the Whig political astrologer John Partridge.
The majority of professional astrologers rely on such systems.
Indian politics have also been influenced by astrology.
An example is the field of complex numbers.
A field with no nontrivial algebraic extensions is called algebraically closed.
All transcendental extensions are of infinite degree.
Connections were made when women in colleges started duplicating and sharing tapes.
I use the word 'folk' in reference to punk music and rap music.
It's subcorporate music that gives voice to different communities and their struggle against authority.
The Diamondbacks' original colors were purple, black, teal and copper.
Prior to their inaugural season, they released their baseball caps.
Sutton's father is Hall of Fame pitcher and current Atlanta Braves broadcaster Don Sutton.
Mathematical considerations, such as symmetry and complexity, are used for analysis in theoretical aesthetics.
This compression progress is proportional to the observer's internal reward, also called curiosity reward.
This suggests a male Semitic link to the Levant.
Moses instructed Bezalel and Oholiab to construct the Ark.
At Ashdod it was placed in the temple of Dagon.
Further south, the Saxon kings of Wessex withstood the Danish assaults.
The regions of East Anglia and Northumbria are still known by their original titles.
The ethnic names of Frisians and Warines are also attested in these Saxon districts.
About a thousand of such systems were sold for many hundreds of Dutch schools.
It also had a built in speaker which was compatible with such games software.
Three models were sold.
Animated television series are television programs produced by means of animation.
Major League Baseball quickly nixed the idea.
The Braves and the Chicago Cubs are the National League's two remaining charter franchises.
Player numbers appear on the back of the jersey with a nameplate above.
Other companies such as Spinnaker Software and Lifetree Software were more positive.
Indeed, the company's English advertising strapline of the era was "power without the price".
The case was a new design with an integrated hard-drive enclosure.
She voiced her strong respect for Aaliyah before dropping out of the project.
You ask yourself maybe we could have stopped it.
I breathe to perform, to entertain, I can't imagine myself doing anything else.
Personal armour is used to protect soldiers and war animals.
Medieval war wagons were horse-drawn wagons that were similarly armoured.
These contained guns or crossbowmen that could fire through gun-slits.
It was replaced by the more effective Sexton.
They use their tracks, sometimes with added propeller or water jets for propulsion.
Tanks were classified either by size or by role.
Drexler approached Hitler and thrust a booklet into his hand.
He joined the Fatherland Party during World War One.
Hitler attended the "committee" meeting held at the run-down Alte Rosenbad beer-house.
The shrapnel tears open Leer's hip, causing him to bleed to death quickly.
It was well received by critics and listeners.
By now, the war is nearing its end and the German Army is retreating.
The network primarily owned by Radio One.
The public sector is also a critical source of decent-paying jobs for Black Americans.
The original Artistic License was written by Larry Wall.
The name of the license is a reference to the concept of artistic license.
In this case there is only a single negation.
With time the ' disappeared in most Dutch dialects.
Afrikaans has a considerably more regular morphology, grammar, and spelling.
Court has discretion as to whether to accept this type of plea.
The plea is commonly used in local and state courts in the United States.
More basically, they allow guilty defendants to avoid accepting responsibility for their wrongs.
Nonetheless, some versions of structuralism are compatible with some versions of realism.
This argument is developed by Jerrold Katz in his book "Realistic Rationalism".
The "epistemic argument" against Platonism has been made by Paul Benacerraf and Hartry Field.
Herbert Chapman won Arsenal's first national trophies, but died prematurely.
They also hold the record for the longest top flight win streak.
They became Tottenham Hotspur's nearest club, commencing the North London derby.
The American colonial diet varied depending on the settled region in which someone lived.
Salted or smoked pork often supplement the vegetable diet.
Crimes were committed by individuals within the different armed factions.
Now we have to leave.
Afghanistan is made up of different nationalities.
Spanish scientists have dismissed Freund's speculations, claiming that he sensationalised their work.
Now these things Marcellus has written in his "Aethiopica".
As a result, a portion of the population will mutate into fish-like creatures.
The spiritual autobiography works as an endorsement of his or her religion.
"Confessions" will always rank among the great masterpieces of western literature.
Among Arabs the practice of marrying of relatives is a common feature.
The Banu Hilal quickly defeated the Zirids and deeply weakened the neighboring Hammadids.
The word "armadillo" means "little armoured one" in Spanish.
Many species are endangered.
Some species, however, feed almost entirely on ants and termites.
Often the leaders of other nations are said to be controlled by Jews.
International outrage led to Ibrahim Pasha in Egypt ordering an investigation.
The government of Lebanon has not criticized continued broadcast of antisemitic material on television.
Like Wright, Soleri proposed changes in transportation, agriculture, and commerce.
The Las Vegas Strip has many arcology features to protect people from the heat.
Whittier once boasted a second structure known as the Buckner Building.
This technique is very processor-intensive and hard to combine with any other processing.
They also found use on embedded systems.
Stereo output is provided through a headphones jack.
It was also quickly determined that Mohamed Atta was the pilot among the hijackers.
I had nothing to do with this.
Controversy over Omari's identity erupted shortly after the attacks.
Bohr went to high school at in Copenhagen.
The two worked on Tube Alloys, the British atomic bomb project.
They had two sons, Vilhelm and Tomas, and a daughter, Margrethe.
The concept of normality generalizes to orthogonality.
"Cartesian geometry", the alternative term used for analytic geometry, is named after Descartes.
These definitions are designed to be consistent with the underlying Euclidean geometry.
This is the only one compulsory for fonts and word-processing.
Specific ideas regarding how to portray angels began to develop in the early Church.
Other angels came to be conventionally depicted in long robes.
Court eunuchs could rise to positions of authority in the Empire.
The Arctic fox is the only land mammal native to Iceland.
The Arctic fox is losing ground to the larger red fox.
Occasionally, other family members may assist in raising their young.
Native American cultures are numerous and diverse.
I can lie but I won't.
Originally a marketing tool released prior to the game, they started getting feedback.
"Alpha Centauri" provides a single player mode and supports customization and multiplayer.
Vernor Vinge's concept of "technological singularity" is the origin of the Transcendence concept.
They use mostly improvised explosive devices, mortars, and automatic rifles.
The three countries also have signed another agreement on joint air patrols.
The following table lists the Eastern Armenian consonantal system.
Armenian is rich in combinations of consonants.
It is of interest to linguists for its distinctive phonological developments within that family.
Sound hybridisation or "morphing" has been implemented by additive resynthesis.
For example, a harmonic sound could be restructured to sound inharmonic, and vice versa.
The theory found an early application in prediction of tides.
Aircraft carriers are expensive to build and are critical assets.
Those that do usually operate only one or two aircraft carriers.
Carrier operations of other nations use similar color schemes.
In the coccidia, these are small, intracellular, and without epimerites or mucrons.
The fertilized macrogamete now becomes an ookinete, which penetrates the body of the vector.
Eventually, the cells burst, releasing merozoites, which infect new cells.
All of these cultures influenced the dishes of Argentina.
The British brought tea, starting the tradition of teatime.
Additionally, cakes, sponge cakes, and puddings are very popular dishes.
It constitutes an attack on the bias of a source.
Is that the sort of person you would want to vote for?
Time efficiency estimates depend on what we define to be a step.
The term "analysis of algorithms" was coined by Donald Knuth.
The program's run-time is directly proportional to its input size.
Highdown Hill is the traditional burial-place of the kings of Sussex.
The list consists of Bede's original seven, plus Egbert of Wessex.
And then the wheels came off that fall.
Warner also sold the fledgling Ataritel to Mitsubishi.
I say I quit.
The term "Afghani" refers to the unit of Afghan currency.
It is often improperly used for a person or thing related to Afghanistan.
The denomination maintains nine seats on the University's Board of Governors.
In addition, Acadia University received the Pioneer Award for Ubiquitous Computing.
All students are represented by the Acadia Students' Union.
Ovation also pioneered with electronics, such as pickup systems and electronic tuners.
Cedar is also common in the back and sides, as is basswood.
Acoustic guitars are commonly constructed in several different body types.
Initially he followed a military career, taking part in the Angevin-Neapolitan war.
Cossa died only a few months later.
Sigismund wanted to end the schism and urged John to call a general council.
His Italian adaptation of "Tarare", "Axur" would prove to be his greatest international success.
The abbess tries to discourage her from working with the irreverent Beethoven.
When open, it ran for about between Columbia Street and Boerum Place.
How beautiful look earth and heaven again, as we emerge from the gloom!
As originally built, the cutting was wide and long.
August sees Mud Creek Days in Wolfville and the Annapolis Valley Exhibition in Lawrencetown.
It was the first regional library system in Nova Scotia.
Bridgetown's Cider Festival comes in mid-September.
Moderate use of alcohol can lessen certain types of pain in certain circumstances.
This led to the withdrawal of rofecoxib and valdecoxib, and warnings on others.
Paracetamol is generally safe at recommended doses.
Another example of this is in phytoplankton and zooplankton.
Both plants and animals have evolved mechanisms allowing them to survive extremes.
It is how plants work together.
In fewer cases, the root of the word is also affected.
It is also used with some prepositions.
The accusative is only marked for masculine articles, pronouns, adjectives, and weak nouns.
Succeeding judgements, however, have been more conflicting.
Iodine is used in the presence of a starch indicator.
A residential neighbourhood now occupies the area.
For the reserve squad of Ajax see: Jong Ajax.
Ajax Cape Town was set up with the help of Rob Moore.
This hiatus was brief.
He is famous for his work concerning the theory of relativity.
The prize won him a Fellowship of Trinity College, Cambridge.
The computer's color graphics capability especially impressed the magazine.
VisiCalc is credited as being the defining "killer app" in the microcomputer industry.
Koerner was born in Paris, to an Austrian Jewish father and a Greek mother.
Only two songs are in circulation from these recordings: "Steal Away" and "Operator".
He also used his gravelly voice to great effect as an advertising voice-over artist.
They were not intended to be deployed as tank substitutes or dedicated tank destroyers.
The latter two were very heavy vehicles, and were built only in small quantities.
Many are based on a tracked tank chassis, while others are wheeled.
Some gun-armed tank destroyers continue to be used.
Heavier vehicles are armed with autocannon or a small tank gun.
Further, when there is true combat they are easily outgunned and lightly armored.
The Italians used armored cars during the Italo-Turkish War.
They are often in dual or quadruple mounts, allowing a high rate of fire.
Germany followed later with their "Flakpanzer" series.
Other nations tended to work on truck chassis.
Sporting advanced to the final via the away goals rule.
A week later, John van den Brom was appointed manager.
The outermost layer of the adrenal cortex is the zona glomerulosa.
The adrenal cortex is the outermost layer of the adrenal gland.
In the zona fasciculata, cells are arranged in columns radially oriented towards the medulla.
American Media also owns Distribution Services, an in-store magazine merchandising company.
It exited in December.
In Syriac and some other variants this ending is diphthongized to "-ai".
East of the Jordan, the various dialects of East Jordanian were spoken.
Thus, the short close "e" corresponds with the open "e" in some dialects.
Paul summoned Titus from Crete to join him at Nicopolis in Epirus.
Saint Titus is the patron saint of the United States Army Chaplain Corps.
The feast day of Titus was not included in the Tridentine Calendar.
Synthesis of transuranics gradually undermined this point of view.
Like the lanthanides, the actinides form a family of elements with similar properties.
Miller is known for the consciousness of the characters in his play.
He became a wealthy and respected man in the community.
As a teenager, Miller delivered bread every morning before school to help the family.
Diabelli was born in Mattsee near Salzburg, then in the Archbishopric of Salzburg.
His pieces for piano four hands are popular.
Czerny was also enlisted to write a coda.
Anita F. Hill became a proponent for women's rights and feminism.
The hearings were then reopened, and Hill was called to publicly testify.
Private companies also started training programs to deter sexual harassment.
A lossless compressed format stores data in less space without losing any information.
The original, uncompressed data can be recreated from the compressed version.
Most formats offer a range of degrees of compression, generally measured in bit rate.
Older buildings were repaired, and additional facilities were constructed as necessary.
Most of the Navy MiG kills were by Top Gun graduates.
They were arranged to simulate a Soviet-style air defense complex.
The energy contained in audio signals is typically measured in decibels.
This permits signal processing using digital circuits such as microprocessors and computers.
Amdahl's law applies only to the cases where the problem size is fixed.
Ayahuasca is known by many names throughout Northern South America and Brazil.
Speakers of Quechua languages or of the Aymara language may prefer the spelling "ayawaska".
Dietary taboos are often associated with the use of ayahuasca.
He was born in Santiago, Chile.
Leng was also an accomplished dentist in Santiago.
Leng was the nephew of composer Carmela Mackenna.
Glasses can then be categorised and selected according to their positions on the diagram.
These are applied to back-vowel and front-vowel words, respectively.
Johnson", asserts that the name of God is "Awmen".
He argues that the Adamic language is of divine origin and therefore unchangeable.
Some Latter Day Saints believe it to be the language of God.
Also, simple music to be performed by amateurs is also acceptable.
For Jacob Schmidt, this means eating a lot.
The case was dismissed.
She was buried next to her son.
He was buried in Riverside Cemetery, Cleveland.
Most of the known functions of alkaloids are related to protection.
The role of alkaloids for living organisms that produce them is still unclear.
Plants are thoroughly ground before extraction.
His followers became known as Millerites.
It published the "Adventist Review, Kids Review, and Sabbath Herald".
Unique among the Adventists, they believed in an eternal hell and consciousness in death.
The current archbishop is Justin Welby.
Welby succeeded Rowan Williams.
Immediately below him is the Lord Chancellor and then the Archbishop of York.
Council members are elected to four-year terms, staggered every two years.
Peabody's family followed soon after.
The mayor presides over and is a voting member of the council.
There follows a penitential act, as at the beginning of Mass.
Therefore, God may or may not grant physical healing to the sick.
In case of emergency, a single anointing, not necessarily on the forehead, is sufficient.
Instead of storing values into variables, one passes them as arguments to functions.
Unlike the imperative operations, these functions have no side effects.
The imperative style is often used when describing abstract algorithms.
At the time it was the longest professional football championship game ever played.
Hunt also sought franchises in Los Angeles, Buffalo and New York City.
With no place for his team to play, Rhodes' effort came to nothing.
Along with Lazio and Juventus, Roma is one of only three quotated Italian clubs.
The team had posted three podiums and was operated by Alan Docking Racing.
Other important players during this period included Aldair, Cafu, Gabriel Batistuta, and Vincenzo Montella.
Each of these variants can bind to a different antigen.
In research, purified antibodies are used in many applications.
Antigens are also injected into chickens for generation of polyclonal antibodies in egg yolk.
He is considered the founder of the Neapolitan school of opera.
He was the father of two other composers, Domenico Scarlatti and Pietro Filippo Scarlatti.
Production shifted to aircraft components during the war.
Another house guest was Walter Hayes, vice-president of Ford of Europe.
All machinery was sold to the Sopwith Aviation Company.
These relationships were to influence the course of his Civil War service.
He specialized in claims on behalf of Native Americans against the federal government.
He later became an independent warlord and leader of Afghanistan's Uzbek community.
Dostum received his basic military training in Jalalabad.
Rama Rao became the chief minister of the state for the first time.
Forms such as the "Burra katha" and "Poli" are still performed today.
The state is also emerging in information technology and biotechnology.
The card may send many address phases, and the host processes them in order.
This avoids long delays, with the bus idle, during read operations.
There are also unkeyed "Universal" slots that will accept either type of card.
A flag on the tower signals whether the cabin's restaurant is open.
There were Civilian settlements adjacent along the south and the east.
For other churches in Aalen, see the Religions section.
His colleagues knew him to be a dedicated professor and cigar smoker.
He never recovered completely from this illness.
Another neurologist, Franz Nissl, began to work in the same asylum with Alzheimer.
They also had powers to enforce public order.
In his play "Coriolanus", Shakespeare references the aediles.
Subsequently, they assumed responsibility for maintenance of the city's buildings as a whole.
Basic economy is located in main cabin, but comes with restrictions.
The second Admirals Club opened at Washington National Airport.
It is American's lowest main cabin fare.
This in turn leads to increased extracellular concentrations of norepinephrine.
However, the use of stimulants in cases of treatment-resistant depression is relatively controversial.
The change in response rate was largely driven by increase in placebo response.
Auger recombination is a similar Auger effect which occurs in semiconductors.
The reverse effect is known as impact ionization.
High-energy X-rays were applied to ionize gas particles and observe photoelectric electrons.
Morita was an advocate for all the products made by Sony.
Economic Relations Group, also known as the "Wise Men's Group".
He was also the third Japanese chairman of the Trilateral Commission.
An ideal diode allows current in one direction but not in the other.
For the ideal diode, it makes sense to always call that terminal the anode.
This process is widely used in metals refining.
Triple buffering reduces this latency significantly.
The resulting subcarrier sidebands is also known as "chroma" or "chrominance".
All-electronic systems became popular with households after the Second World War.
All of these can be used manually or automated as part of a machine.
Examples of thermosetting adhesives are: epoxy, polyurethane, cyanoacrylate and acrylic polymers.
Importantly, surface preparation provides a reproducible surface allowing consistent bonding results.
But I think the less one shows the better.
He would spend hours just looking at Bart and admiring him.
As it was I had to settle for being an actor.
He has five siblings.
The novel is about a teenage boy, Patrick Scully, and his friends.
His character juggled world-saving heroics with life in suburbia.
It also continued its successful concentration on proprietary bipolar chips.
Because of this, Zen is much more energy efficient.
By October of the same year it had sold one million units.
The sport also has a growing presence in India.
The scoreline is written with respect to the home side.
Australian football was now widely referred to as "the people's game".
Mr. Stone sold low-cost, low-benefit accident insurance, underwriting and issuing policies on-site.
Ryan focused on insurance brokering and added more upscale insurance products.
The acquisition offers companies a new way to address retiree medical insurance commitments.
Even in Vienna, the opportunities for the Vienna School of musicians was dwindling.
Critically, he is seen as having preserved the Viennese tradition in his music.
Settings of aphoristic poetic utterances, the songs are accompanied by a very large orchestra.
Great effort is being put in shrinking the analysis techniques to chip size.
Analytical chemistry has been an indispensable area in the development of nanotechnology.
Shot noise is white noise.
It contrasts with cantata, which is usually accompanied singing.
It was directed by Glenn Casale with original music and lyrics by Ben Schatz.
The use of instruments for Christian worship during this period is also undocumented.
Arrangements for small jazz combos are usually informal, minimal, and uncredited.
In modern arranging these instruments are considered part of the rhythm section.
More than one string orchestra can be utilized.
The creed has been used by Christian churches since the sixth century.
However, it is rarely recited in public worship.
It is still used in the liturgy on Trinity Sunday.
The cold drop means that September and October are the wettest months.
Alicante Tram connects the city with outlying settlements along Costa Blanca.
At one stage I nearly walked out.
Her nephew, Roger Widdecombe, is an Anglican priest.
Unfortunately this is not true.
Aurangzeb was known to be of a more austere nature than his predecessors.
She was his first wife and chief consort as well as his favourite.
The latter had formerly been a companion to Dara Shikoh.
Thus a line that is metrical in one tradition may be unmetrical in another.
The term "alexandrine" may be used with greater or lesser rigor.
A pivot on the rack let the slide's angle change freely.
In general, analog computers are limited by non-ideal effects.
In the history of electronic analog computers, there were some special high-speed types.
Techniques exist for improving seeing on the ground.
If the markings are round they are called mil-dots.
Coming from an artistic background, he was interested in art from an early age.
His paintings underwent a parallel procedure.
A head, became for me an object completely unknown and without dimensions.
Several anthems are included in the British coronation service.
The adjectival form is "anthemic".
Anthems were originally a form of liturgical music.
Altdorfer often distorts perspective to subtle effect.
Altdorfer was a significant printmaker, with numerous engravings and about ninety-three woodcuts.
Halfway up the tree trunk, hangs a gabled shrine.
From Odo, the Ascanians inherited large properties in the Saxon Eastern March.
However, he soon lost control of Saxony to the rival House of Guelph.
Later, the remaining state was split into Saxe-Lauenburg and Saxe-Wittenberg.
As speeds approach the speed of light, relativistic effects become increasingly large.
Passengers may experience deceleration as a force lifting them forwards.
Mathematically, there is no separate formula for deceleration: both are changes in velocity.
Collections care is an important element of museum policy.
Only a few dates and descriptions in Gettens' and Stout's book are now outdated.
This compendium is still cited regularly.
He sang at the Greek Orthodox monastery in Taganrog and in his father's choirs.
"Well, seven and a half," Chekhov replied.
Nobel Prize-winning physicist Alfred Kastler served as the organization's first chairman.
This network increases the human and financial capacities and enables a specialization per headquarter.
Before the apoptotic cell is disposed of, there is a process of disassembly.
Caspases are proteins that are highly conserved, cysteine-dependent aspartate-specific proteases.
He shared the prize with Boston biologist H. Robert Horvitz.
The term of office is four years.
It is therefore the first capital of a unified Switzerland.
It is the second-largest town in Aargau after Wettingen.
It is one of the most densely populated regions of Switzerland.
During the Protestant Reformation, some of the municipalities converted to the new faith.
The administrative cities remained economically only of regional importance.
They call themselves sons of the Jinns.
They were constantly at war with the Romans, who eventually conquered them.
They are still great trade carriers, and visit very distant districts.
The American Quarter Horse has also been exported worldwide.
When matched against a Thoroughbred, local sprinters often won.
Large purses allow top competitors to earnover a million dollars in these events.
The leaf sheaths contain the valuable fiber.
They grow in succession.
They are oblong in shape with a deltoid base.
Everyone, including the angels, demons, and corporeal entities feared him.
By extension, it can mean an underworld abode of lost souls, or Gehenna.
Abbaton was promised that any who venerated him in life could be saved.
The town also produces Abadeh rugs.
This situation helps Abadeh to improve its capabilities compared to the neighboring city, Eqlid.
The temple site was on a low spur of the hill, below the town.
While this opinion has remained popular, other views have been expressed as well.
Now it is an important railway junction.
Abakan is the capital of the republic.
Beneath its vault lies the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier from World War One.
It remained there only four years before falling in ruins.
The smaller transverse vaults are high and wide.
For many years, the source of amazonite's color was a mystery.
It is also found in pegmatite in Madagascar and in Brazil.
Savery had considerable influence on the Bosschaert dynasty.
They sometimes included symbolic and religious meanings.
That piece is now in the collection in Stockholm.
Steiner designed around thirteen buildings in an organic-expressionist architectural style.
Anthroposophy has also been termed the most important esoteric society in European history.
Foremost among these are his designs for the two Goetheanum buildings in Dornach, Switzerland.
For example, the names Ursenbach and Aurach am Hongar are derived from the aurochs.
The horns of the aurochs were characteristic in size, curvature, and orientation.
Whether these separate genetic populations would have equated to separate subspecies is unclear.
Non-real-time is sometimes abbreviated to vbr-nrt.
Andy Hopper from Cambridge University Computer Laboratory also worked in this area.
Under normal queuing conditions the cells might experience maximum queuing delays.
The axopods are fixed in number.
Adults are usually multinucleated.
Its leader Jacob Zuma is the incumbent head of state.
Black workers were told to wash before they interacted with guests.
The minister apologised, and no further action was taken against her.
Amphetamine modulates the activity of most psychoactive drugs.
Activation of increases production via adenylyl cyclase activation and inhibits monoamine transporter function.
Based upon neuronal expression, amphetamine is thought to affect norepinephrine analogously to dopamine.
A variable length space can be inserted between the code words.
An asynchronous communication service or application does not require a constant bit rate.
A key difference is whether supply is 'push' or 'pull'.
Some armies defined these categories by bands of calibers.
Bombards were of value mainly in sieges.
However, Bavaria was more or less ruled by Arnulf.
Pope initially gave his support to Arnulf, but eventually became a supporter of Lambert.
They defeated Guy, but were bought off and left in autumn.
The surrounding buildings now house chain stores, fast-food restaurants, and fashion discounters.
Many historic buildings are located in the vicinity of Alexanderplatz.
Alexanderplatz is also the name of the S-Bahn and U-Bahn stations there.
China expresses its strong dissatisfaction over this...
At the time, Asia was one of the poorest regions in the world.
He threatened to personally travel to every Asian capital and scuttle the project.
Navigation to the delta was possible from this location without encountering a barrier.
Swenett was equally important as a military station as a place of traffic.
Aswan and Luxor have the hottest summer days of any city in Egypt.
According to Adelaide's contemporary biographer, Odilo of Cluny, she managed to escape from captivity.
Adelaide remained in Rome for six years while Otto ruled his kingdom from Italy.
Some of her relics are preserved in a shrine in Hanover.
As a result, they lost passengers to airlines operating more frequent narrow body flights.
The supposed widebody comfort which it was assumed passengers would demand was illusory.
The first production version.
He was the brother of the more famous Annibale and cousin of Lodovico Carracci.
The academy helped propel painters of the School of Bologna to prominence.
He also produced some original prints, including two etchings.
The first class of adenylyl cyclases occur in many bacteria including "E. coli".
Thus it may be roughly translated as "defender of man" or "protector of man".
They are one of the most popular Italian hip hop groups.
The same year he entered Saint Petersburg University, where he studied history and philology.
Kerensky returned to the United States, where he spent the rest of his life.
His speeches were impressive and convincing for the moment, but had little lasting effect.
Ansgar was the son of a noble Frankish family, born near Amiens.
Through all this political turmoil, Ansgar continued his mission to the northern lands.
Robinson's resolution Principle.
Kearns of the University of Bristol.
The students are all disabled, retarded and of different ages.
The affected residents are living in substandard conditions with many genetic diseases.
The system is so named due to its use in astronomy.
He lived and worked in the second half of the eleventh century.
Little is known of his life other than hints from his own chronicles.
It is probable that he was taught at the "Magdeburger Domschule".
Herod the Great or Quirinius.
Coins from his reign commemorate the celebrations.
The houses built by the Perano family are now operated as tourist accommodations.
No bodies were ever found.
The ferry immediately stopped to dispatch a rescue lifeboat.
The French body of administrative law is called "droit administratif".
Civil law countries often have specialized courts, administrative courts, that review these decisions.
Consequently, administrative law is a significant component of the discipline of agricultural law.
There is a statue of him in the Botanic Gardens, Sydney.
The marines, poorly disciplined themselves in many cases, were not interested in convict discipline.
He is also prominent in "Banished" and is played by David Wenham.
Scottish English is now increasingly replacing Scots.
The council's civic head is the Provost of Angus.
Angus is marketed as the birthplace of Scotland.
He was in Davey Boy Smith's corner as the Bulldog faced Earthquake.
This makes it the smallest of the four inner moons.
Adrastea is the smallest and second-closest member of the inner Jovian satellite family.
Inclination is relative to the equator of Jupiter.
This project is part of the Apache Software Foundation.
It supports password authentication and digital certificate authentication.
The Abbey's monks were allowed to run a market and build a harbour.
The cruciform church measured long by wide.
It is flanked by twin towers decorated with blind arcading.
Many accounting practices have been simplified with the help of accounting computer-based software.
The terms "accounting" and "financial reporting" are often used as synonyms.
Accountancy refers to the occupation or profession of an accountant, particularly in British English.
The Australian bulldog ants are among the biggest and most basal of ants.
They belong to the sub-order Isoptera within the order Blattodea.
These food storage workers are called "repletes".
During the Industrial Revolution, large corporations became increasingly opposed to this policy.
Arbitration was promoted as being faster, less adversarial, and cheaper.
The process operates under its own rules.
Proponents of inquisitorial justice dispute these points.
All evidence must be relevant and not hearsay evidence.
This obviously limits the usefulness of silence as a tactic by the defense.
The town's hot springs and mud baths are the main economic resource.
Noteworthy is the four cloister complex.
It was used by an ancient noble family of Florence.
The trees are usually interlaced or tied with wire.
Abatis are used alone or in combination with wire entanglements and other obstacles.
An alternative is to place explosives so as to blow the trees down.
His father, Michel Abbadie, was born in Arrast-Larrebieu and his mother was Irish.
His grandfather Jean-Pierre was an abbot and a notary in Soule.
There he published his correspondence with Ben Adret and his colleagues.
He married the Princess Ikbal Hanem and had several children.
This did not prevent his progeny, however, from exercising their rights.
Tabriz also saw a gunpowder factory and a munitions depot.
He also lost enthusiasm for any more military reform.
He was a translator of the King James Version.
His tomb can be seen in Holy Trinity Church.
When the term is used in this way, the severity of its implication varies.
Advertisement-funded software is also one of the business models for open-source software.
The precise definition of the term in this context also varies.
Aeacus was the son of Zeus and Aegina, a daughter of the river-god Asopus.
According to some accounts, Aeacus was a son of Zeus and Europa.
Aeacus prayed, and as a result, the drought ceased.
It quickly recovered, new fortifications were erected, and it became a "municipium".
This led through Lacus Ampsanctus to Aquilonia and Venusia.
Excavation has revealed a long history of pre-Roman settlement.
He quickly became his best pupil and the two became friends.
They are installed in public buildings like the Triumphal arch, City gate, or Thermes.
In Roman architecture the aedicula has this representative function in the society.
The country of the Aedui is defined by reports of them in ancient writings.
The upper Loire formed their western border, separating them from the Bituriges.
Certain clientes, or small communities, were also dependent upon the Aedui.
There are also two minor islands, Formica and Maraone, lying between Levanzo and Sicily.
Winter frost is unknown and rainfall is low.
Prehistoric research had now begun to extend beyond the Greek mainland.
Regarding the Cyrenaica, we are still insufficiently informed.
Minos was angry and declared war on Athens.
This continued until Theseus killed the Minotaur with the help of Ariadne, Minos' daughter.
Young, brave and ambitious, Theseus decided to go to Athens by land.
The refusal of Aegina was in the diplomatic guise of sending the Aeacidae.
Portes is a fishing village on the east coast.
In some pottery it appears as a tasselled cover over Athena's dress.
In this context, Graves identifies the aegis as clearly belonging first to Athena.
In revenge, Atreus killed Thyestes' sons and served them to him unknowingly.
In addition, Thyestes had an affair with Atreus' wife, Aerope.
The couple killed Agamemnon on his return.
This is possibly the first European record of Halley's comet.
Tetrapylones were constructed at the other junctions between the main roads.
Macedonian, drill and tactics as practiced by the Hellenistic successors of Alexander the Great.
The letter is influential in supporting the thesis of the early-modern Military Revolution.
This chemical modification provides a novel class of materials named carboxylated agarose.
The gelling and melting temperatures vary depending on the type of agarose.
Obviously, a high-resolution monochromator is required for this technique, as will be discussed later.
Hydride generation techniques are specialized in solutions of specific elements.
He personally led a punitive expedition involving two Regular Army regiments and some militia.
His wife Phoebe died shortly after and is buried beside him.
He was the largest landowner in Western Pennsylvania.
The death of a rich uncle relieved the family's poverty.
The hill was planted with vines.
The rulers bore the title of "sawai maharaja".
These tanks have been named as Ganga and Yamuna.
The rock is layered horizontally, and somewhat variable in quality.
Abanindranath Tagore and Syed Thajudeen also used the Ajanta paintings for inspiration.
Nareli Jain Temple: It is a beautiful Jain temple.
The Aravalli Range is the distinguishing feature of the district.
These castes continue to have influence on the politics of the region.
Now the Jats are major land holders in the region.
Annuities are also subject to the same rule as general legacies.
A demonstrative devise, is money given from a particular account.
If welcomed, affectionate behavior may be associated with various health benefits.
It also has a different physical effect on the giver and the receiver.
Affection can be communicated by words, gestures, or touches.
There is no such special legislation with regard to sailors in the Royal Navy.
Affray is now a statutory offence that is triable either way.
It thus comprised about or roughly two-ninths of the former Kingdom of Afghanistan.
Administration of the province was assigned to the Northern Bureau in Kabul.
Every year, a sour cherry festival takes place in the Cay district.
The economy of Afyonkarahisar is based on agriculture, industries and thermal tourism.
For the same reason Afyon is also an ideal place for cherry cultivation.
In the Babylonian schools, Rav was rightly referred to as our great master.
Her sons, Mar Ukba and Nehemiah, were considered types of the highest aristocracy.
As a haggadist, Rav is surpassed by none of the Babylonian "Amoraim".
As for himself, he was very strict in the observance of the laws.
He also assigned to them certain remunerations.
They followed immediately after the twelve voting members of the Signature "in capella".
He also wrote detailed descriptions on ancient Egyptian monuments.
He died in Baghdad two years later.
Thereafter he constructed a fleet and naval arsenal at Seville to repel future raids.
Both were the mere puppets of factions, who deserted them at once.
Ill feeling mounted against Russia for its encouragement of the rebellions.
Khushiyar and Ibrahim were the parents of Isma'il Pasha.
It was situated on a hill above the modern Adra.
The site now lies in the Xanthi regional unit of Thrace, Greece.
The seat of the municipality is the town Genisea.
The historical founding is traced back to a colony from Klazomenai.
Both Apollos and Barnabas were Jewish Christians with sufficient intellectual authority.
There is no indication that Apollos favored or approved an overestimation of his person.
Brand names include Alu-Cap, Aludrox, Gaviscon, and Pepsamar.
Long-term use of versions with aluminium may increase the risk for getting osteoporosis.
Under the generic name algeldrate, aluminium hydroxide is used as an antacid.
He will be nine years in the kingdom.
He will be but a short time over Scotland.
Alas for Scotland thenceforward.
He also outlined a reform policy, supervised the government closely, and worked with statesmen.
He enumerated the Janissary corps and tried to renovate it, and also the navy.
At first, the new Amir was quietly recognized.
His interest lay in keeping powerful neighbours, whether friends or foes, outside his kingdom.
Afghan society has mixed feelings about his rule.
Little is known of the family with certainty.
It is represented by Stephen Kinnock of the Labour Party.
The former urban district corresponds to the three communities of Abercarn, Crumlin and Newbridge.
Griffiths meanwhile, was made vicar of Merthyr in order to escape local anger.
However, regular church services still take place.
There were also several brickworks and breweries.
It is this apparently anomalous motion that so mystified early astronomers.
The Sun and Solar System are revolving around the center of the Galaxy.
The theory of special relativity is required to correctly account for aberration.
In most cases the surface is concave towards the system.
Songs kind of slip in and move you before you realize it.
The album was titled "In Motion: The Remixes".
The album did not have the success of her previous pop or gospel efforts.
The National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration maintains a National Weather Service office in Aberdeen.
Starling and Paul Ware.
Aberdeen Public Schools are part of the Aberdeen School District.
It also received a Gold Award in Beautiful Fife and Beautiful Scotland.
The festival hosts a number of children's, cultural and local events.
Some people have tried this and afterwards claim to have seen apparitions.
Some accounts claim that he simply vanished, however he suddenly collapsed.
The poem described the beauty of Loch Katrine.
Coldbrook Park was a country house in an estate some southeast of the town.
Some Fridays - auction sale of cattle.
The arrangement lasted approximately two weeks.
It comprises a small village school and a number of houses.
Nevertheless, there are facts that you can use to outline important events.
The resultant landscape painting now hangs in the Museum of Wales in Cardiff.
Many local people commute outside the area to work.
More recently, an abettor is generally known as an accomplice.
A co-heir may petition the Crown for a termination of the abeyance.
It is entirely possible for a peerage to remain in abeyance for centuries.
It is no longer straightforward to claim English peerages after long abeyances.
It was in fact Celsius who proposed the new academy's name.
However, he wrongly posed the notion that the water was evaporating.
Carolla is a part owner of Amalfi, an Italian restaurant in Los Angeles.
Carolla has occasionally made generalizations about various groups, leading to criticism.
They feel it.
In some fields, the term is used interchangeably with autocovariance.
It has no specific meaning.
The asterisk denotes complex conjugate.
It featured explicitly typed variables, subroutines, and functions.
The aforementioned underlining of keywords could also be done using overstriking.
The language is described in detail in the Atlas Autocode Reference Manual.
Audio data is encoded in the format identified by the file header.
All fields are stored in big-endian format, including the sample data.
The audio data segment begins on an eight-byte boundary immediately following the annotation field.
Different newspapers are published for each Andalusian provincial capital, comarca, or important city.
Cajasur is also one of the league's leading teams.
Of Andalusia's production, roughly half comes from the province of Huelva.
Zadok now became sole high priest.
Meanwhile, Zadok, of the house of Eleazar, had been made High Priest.
Abiathar is said to have been the first person Saint Nino converted to Christianity.
Abigail is described as intelligent and beautiful.
David led the pursuit and they were subsequently rescued.
Adele Berlin contrasts the story of Abigail with that of Bathsheba.
Hundreds of people continued to live in tents long after the earthquake.
The unicameral Azad Kashmir Legislative Assembly elects both the Prime Minister and President.
Local household industries produce carved wooden objects, textiles, and dhurrie carpets.
Formerly, traditional ship building was important.
The modern neighbourhoods around the location of the gates are called Mithadar and Kharadar.
The main industries here are fishing and traditional textile manufacturing.
Many aspects of industrial synthesis of aspartame were established by Ajinomoto.
The stability when dissolved in water depends markedly on pH.
The safety of aspartame has been studied since its discovery.
Over the next several years, no compatible versions for the Mac were released.
The main difference is the user interface and layout of the program.
Objects created in the Student Version cannot be used for commercial use.
A group code's value indicates what type of data element follows.
Many fungi and plants reproduce asexually.
Exceptions are animals and some protists, who undergo "meiosis" immediately followed by fertilization.
Agamogenesis is any form of reproduction that does not involve a male gamete.
This made it quite difficult to tell whose paintings where whose.
It is around this same time that Cuyp's style changed fundamentally.
The year after his marriage Cuyp became the deacon of the reformed church.
Reduction of the alkyne by sodium metal in liquid ammonia gives the "trans"-alkene.
Alkenes are ligands in transition metal alkene complexes.
Most reactions of alkenes involve additions to this pi bond, forming new single bonds.
The molecule can thus be thought of as a two-bladed propeller.
For the bottom, only the group of higher priority need be considered.
The symmetry and isomerism of allenes has long fascinated organic chemists.
Like other hydrocarbons, alkynes are generally hydrophobic but tend to be more reactive.
Examples include ethyne or octyne.
Other reactions are listed below.
AbiWord is part of the AbiSource project which develops a number of office-related technologies.
The interface is intended to follow user interface guidelines for each respective platform.
Plug-in filters are available to deal with many other formats, notably WordPerfect documents.
However, false-positives and false-negatives are known.
Several commercial kits are available.
Subsequent investigation showed rapid conversion occurs during its passage through the pulmonary circulation.
Captopril has a shorter duration of action and an increased incidence of adverse effects.
Some patients develop angioedema due to increased bradykinin levels.
Therefore, the net effect is the interplay of direct and reflex actions.
They are contraindicated in variant angina and can precipitate heart failure.
Nifedipine is more a potent vasodilator and more effective in angina.
Its codes are organised into four levels.
Because of this limit, the technology normally appears as an internal computer storage interface.
This distinction is necessary to allow both drives to share the cable without conflict.
The disk lock is a built-in security feature in the disk.
Once that was completed and debugged, the system was ready for shipping.
Other than this, these four-switch consoles looked nearly identical to the earlier six-switch models.
Various third-party replacement joysticks were also released, including those made by Wico.
This simple design gave smooth linear control and was highly reliable.
The controllers did, however, include a pause button, a unique feature at the time.
All projects were halted during an initial evaluation period.
The Joypad was not available in the United States.
It was very different from other second and third generation consoles.
These are audio, video, and communications.
The game cartridge molds were reused to create an optional memory expansion card.
The Lynx system was originally developed by Epyx as the Handy Game.
Although sales improved, Nintendo still dominated the handheld market.
Facing financial difficulties, Epyx sought out partners.
In their view, injury caused by carelessness is like injury caused by deliberate action.
It occurs several times in the "Shatapatha Brahmana" in the sense of "non-injury".
Its rise, in turn, stimulated American mathematics.
During this time, it became an increasingly well-known and respected journal.
He was forcibly hospitalized and force-fed.
He again was taken to a hospital and force-fed.
In August the Politburo discussed what to do about Sakharov.
There are also several less ambitious ground-based efforts underway.
The result was inconclusive, and is still disputed by some scientists.
This is significant, as red dwarfs are extremely common.
The Canadian Forces Snowbirds will headline many airshows in Canada and the United States.
The Middle East, Australia and New Zealand hold their events between January and March.
In addition to the weather, pilots and organizers must also consider local airspace restrictions.
Life appears to have adapted to the universe, and not vice versa.
However, building a substantive argument based on a tautological foundation is problematic.
Dozens of Australian Army Reserve depots are located across Australia.
It includes all of Army's special forces assets.
For officers the ranks are identical except for the shoulder title "Australia".
Registration services pertain to the technical coordination and inventory management of Internet number resources.
The BoT ratifies proposals generated from the membership and submitted through the Advisory Council.
Executive decisions are carried out following approval by the BoT.
This new specialization brought in a new type of consumer, computer nerds or "otaku".
Seven died and ten were injured.
Additional improvements came with subsequent versions of Windows Server.
However, forest trusts are "not" transitive between forests.
She was accompanied by court musicians wherever she went.
Gediminas had just undertaken an unsuccessful attempt to Christianize Lithuania.
Aldona was remembered for her piety and devotion to music.
He was also a leading exponent of the fianchetto development of bishops.
Nimzowitsch never beat Capablanca, but fared better against Alekhine.
He is buried in Bispebjerg Cemetery in Copenhagen.
The language received several linguistic rights, including its use in public administration.
Aragonese became a popular village language.
Neighboring Romance languages have influenced Aragonese.
Mitchell oversaw the development and marketing of the first pager to use transistors.
Though the service is no longer offered, these laws remain in force.
This allowed a larger number of phones to be supported over a geographical area.
Flow that is not turbulent is called laminar flow.
Flows for which viscosity is not neglected are called viscous flows.
He probably did spend several years abroad as Journeyman.
His sculpted decorations are a masterpiece of baroque expression and pathos.
This way he became an important figure of Petrine Baroque.
Specifically, it refers to all non-aqueous, non-gaseous residues that remain after something is burned.
This is another formulation of the fundamental theorem of calculus.
Finding antiderivatives of elementary functions is often considerably harder than finding their derivatives.
"C" is called the constant of integration.
Variants of the song exist to accommodate the "zed" pronunciation.
A newer example of this is from the musical "Matilda".
"School Song" is an acrostic that spells out the alphabet phonetically.
The term comes from the Latin "abjurare", "to forswear".
Abjuration of the realm was a type of abjuration in ancient English law.
It was superseded by the oath of allegiance.
The problem undermining society in her view is feminized men.
The work also provoked outright hostility.
Snuppy, nonetheless, was a genuine clone, and thus the first cloned dog in history.
That win also marked the most recent win at Westminster for breeder-owner-handler, Chris Terrell.
Her "Ghazni strain" were the more heavily coated mountain type.
Unassisted birth of healthy puppies is normal.
Wobbler disease, or cervical vertebral instability, does rarely occur.
The Azawakh is almond eyed and thin.
Acrylic paints are water-soluble, but become water-resistant when dry.
Oil paint has a higher pigment load than acrylic paint.
Matting agents can also be added during manufacture to dull the finish.
It is a measure of rotational inertia.
Like linear momentum it involves elements of mass and displacement.
It reaches a minimum when the axis passes through the center of mass.
This led to the development of the Rutherford model of the atom.
At the time, atoms were known to be neutrally charged.
As Thomson's model guided Rutherford's experiments, Bohr's model guided Moseley's research.
The word "atom" comes from the Ancient Greek adjective "atomos", meaning "indivisible".
He named such particles protons.
She is the first recipient in American history to receive the prize while imprisoned.
The Burmese refer to her as Daw Aung San Suu Kyi.
She speaks four languages: Burmese, English, French and Japanese.
He offers his views as to Judaism being a pattern for life.
His mentor in Berlin was David Koigen.
He believed that no religious community could claim a monopoly on religious truth.
Information about its origins and patron are circumstantial.
It is constituted by the Ministers of Foreign Affairs of the member countries.
The configuration of the landing gear can be distinctive, as well.
The Bensenville program was modeled on similar programs in Toronto, Ottawa and Minneapolis.
At their appeal a year later all were acquitted.
Thomas J. Barratt from London has been called "the father of modern advertising".
Advertising may be local, national or global.
The signifier is the color, brand name, logo design, and technology.
They can recognize unusual situations and adjust accordingly.
Computational complexity theory deals with the relative computational difficulty of computable functions.
This is formalised by a human-assisted Turing machine.
Some comets are predictable, most famously Halley's Comet.
However, its travel between lunistices is considerably faster.
The world in which these adventures take place is heavily influenced by Slavic mythology.
His books have been translated so far into nineteen languages.
He started his literary career as a translator, in particular, of science fiction.
Early ammeters were laboratory instruments which relied on the Earth's magnetic field for operation.
The resistances of shunts is in the integer to fractional milliohm range.
This allows the meter to measure large currents.
Selank is a heptapeptide with the sequence Thr-Lys-Pro-Arg-Pro-Gly-Pro.
At higher dosage hypnotic properties occur.
Pregabalin also exhibits a lower potential for abuse and dependence than benzodiazepines.
There is, however, a greater risk of side effects with their use.
Evidence that early treatment has a favorable effect on long term outcomes is equivocal.
Clinically used antipsychotic medications are listed below by drug group.
His sphere of work connects him with no specific unit.
He began his career fighting the revolutionary armies of France.
At the end of the campaign the archduke gave up all his military offices.
They sent Augustine back to Rome to request papal permission to return.
Little literary traces remain of them, however.
It is not clear when and where Augustine was consecrated as a bishop.
In the "Glossa", he openly suggests the idea of the multiplicity of divine ideas.
His doctrinal positions became the starting point for the Franciscan school of theology.
Alexander's "Quodlibetal questions" also remain unedited.
Stores global variables.
Stores variables accessible only to a single visitor.
Allows the management of errors.
It is the first line treatment for middle ear infections.
Amoxicillin is available as a generic medication.
In some older books, the term has been used synonymously with glass.
The setting of Earthsea is preindustrial, and has many cultures within the widespread archipelago.
Multiple audio versions of the book have been released.
These guitars are also available through Gibson, in a viceroy Brown or Crimson colour.
He plays on the track "Sacred and Mundane".
Their second son, Adrian, was born two years later.
It is now an open source project hosted by Tigris dot org.
Windows archivers perform both archiving and compression.
They also offer an optional command-line interface, while Windows itself does not.
The bridles of her chariot were also made of gold.
In another story, Alphaeus tries to rape Artemis' attendant Arethusa.
Artemis was born on the sixth day, which made it sacred for her.
This particular sign was made by prisoner-labourers including Jan Liwacz.
They were held in a number of places in Germany.
The song repeats the phrase cynically as a "lesson" taught by Dachau.
He was a grandson of the Emperors Moctezuma I and Itzcoatl.
He was a descendant of the king Cuauhtototzin.
It is especially socially stigmatised in many African societies.
As there is no cure for albinism, it is managed through lifestyle adjustments.
The term is from the Latin "albus", "white".
Diab is an active fitness enthusiast.
Diab is well known for his intense body building.
It also starred Madiha Kamel.
Like in France, immigrants from these countries started to study and live in Belgium.
Also Mc Battles are having a large amount of popularity.
Nin referred to her simultaneous marriages as her "bicoastal trapeze".
However the service is still active and help support is still provided.
The profile of the user has no privacy.
It was also known to work with Apple's iChat Client.
Its properties come solely from the power of unlimited recursion.
We place the natural numbers along the top row.
Albanians are active in the civic life of Turkey.
One of these is located in Turkey.
Albanian folk music displays a variety of influences.
It is a not-for-profit professional membership group.
Its headquarters are in New York City.
The groups also publish a large number of specialized journals, magazines, and newsletters.
These baptisms were the first "re-baptisms" known in the movement.
Melchior Hoffman is credited with the introduction of Anabaptist ideas into the Low Countries.
The region is noted for its scenery and mild rainy climate.
This region is also home to the easternmost town in Alaska, Hyder.
The most common tree species are sitka spruce and western hemlock.
Interior Alaska experiences extreme seasonal temperature variability.
Mountains include Denali in the Alaska Range, the Wrangell Mountains, and the Ray Mountains.
Summers can be warm and dry for extended periods creating ideal fire weather conditions.
Blake's poem asks four questions rather than asserting the historical truth of Christ's visit.
Consequently, only its most notable performances are listed below.
It appears as a headline, title or sub-title in numerous articles and books.
Fredrik answers honestly that he loves Desiree, but only as a dream.
Charlotte visits Anne, who is talking with Petra.
The film marked Broadway director Hal Prince's second time as a motion picture director.
It is not a common combat practice.
The term itself is often invoked in the context of games.
Okinawan martial arts have a method that uses a pair of "sai".
Sharon observed that an "unfettered anti-Semitism" reigned in France.
Ariel was born two years later.
Israel has a clear policy.
People may or may not engage in purely emotional romantic relationships.
Both live in undisturbed rainforest, and are essentially miniature water buffalo.
One young is born per year.
In habits, the animal appears to resemble the Indian buffalo.
He devised new calculation methods for certain forms of tables.
He was an associate of the British Institution of Electrical Engineers.
The performers yell rather than talk and run rather than walk.
He tells Cora that he is expecting a new assistant who might help them.
No producer yet.
This has since been rescinded.
Brands of coolers are numerous and their alcoholic base vary greatly.
They are only sold at liquor stores.
These soils can occur naturally, due to the presence of alkali salts.
There are various more specific definitions for the concept of an alkali.
Alkalis are usually defined as a subset of the bases.
Chronicling America: Historic American Newspapers.
The book is commonly used in gender studies, Black studies, and philosophy courses.
Sojourner's Speech, Transcribed by Marius Robinson; Anti-slavery bugle.
The language was mildly successful within the Amiga community.
Its ease of use made it especially attractive to beginners.
Despite this, a small community of enthusiasts are still using it.
Arcadia Corporation then changed its name to Starpath.
The direction pads have a removable joystick attachment.
Early marketing showed popular arcade games, but they were later released as clones.
All nonprismatic Wythoff constructions by Coxeter groups are given below, along with their alternations.
The "alternate cubic" names given are based on this ordering.
Bhutto's assassination drew unanimous condemnation from the international community.
One of the earliest forms of defense against assassins was employing bodyguards.
Georgi Markov, a Bulgarian dissident was assassinated by ricin poisoning.
Both questionnaires and certain blood tests may detect people with possible alcoholism.
Risky situations include drinking and driving or having unsafe sex among others.
Alcoholics may also require treatment for other psychotropic drug addictions and drug dependences.
It has also recently become popular in formal logic under predicate abstraction.
The opposite of abstraction is concretism.
Material point is the ultimate and common feature of all bodies.
A direct sum of finite cyclic groups is periodic.
These theorems were later subsumed in the Kulikov criterion.
Any group of prime order is isomorphic to a cyclic group and therefore abelian.
This led to the eventual creation of the American Missile Defense Agency.
The project was a blow to Yuri Andropov's so-called "peace offensive".
Engaging in this is not just irresponsible.
The result was that the officers lived well, as the civilians began to starve.
The armed forces suffered particularly from overlap.
It is found on Abraxas stones, which were worn as amulets.
Subsequently, its use spread beyond the Gnostics.
The Puritan minister Increase Mather dismissed the word as bereft of power.
Even more direct bribery was also said to be a factor.
However, Hamilton was actually on the side of the English Government.
Each side had its own particular concerns.
The Board of Admiralty consisted of a number of Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty.
The Ripley Building is currently occupied by the Department for International Development.
It lacks its own entrance from Whitehall and is entered through the Ripley Building.
The stump will remain an area of reduced mechanical stability.
Given different clinical and situational factors, they can predict the likelihood of amputation.
They can reduce the quality of life for patients in addition to being expensive.
Plate anemometers have been used to trigger high wind alarms on bridges.
Air flowing past the wire cools the wire.
Hence, volumetric flowrate may be calculated if the cross-sectional area is known.
In particular, Ostrom found that "Archaeopteryx" was remarkably similar to the theropod family Dromaeosauridae.
Most of these eleven fossils include impressions of feathers.
He also had the good fortune to be based in New York City.
It was Laurents' first professional credit.
While on board, he received a cable from Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer offering him a screenwriting assignment.
The book is only available as an ebook from Buk.io.
The film has not been conventionally released.
Lamo's role in the Manning case drew criticism from Glenn Greenwald of "Salon Magazine".
Currently, the senior Associate Justice is Anthony Kennedy.
Otherwise, the senior justice in the majority assigns the writing of a decision.
Furthermore, the Chief Justice leads the discussion of the case among the justices.
Lerner was hospitalized with bleeding ulcers while Loewe continued to have heart troubles.
After he's written the melody, then I write the lyrics.
If there was realism in the theater, there would never be a third act.
Although no sexual act was alleged to have resulted, the original charge included sodomy.
He also satirized student political groups.
Capp became a popular public speaker on college campuses, where he reportedly relished hecklers.
Druyan was born in Queens, New York, the daughter of Pearl A.
Both records have a projected shelf life of one billion years.
Druyan is involved in multiple Breakthrough Initiatives.
Analcime consists of hydrated sodium aluminium silicate in cubic crystalline form.
It also occurs as cavity and vesicle fillings associated with prehnite, calcite, and zeolites.
Analcime occurs as a primary mineral in analcime basalt and other alkaline igneous rocks.
As a child, he was a fan of puzzles and played with pentomino toys.
In creating "Tetris," he drew inspiration from these toys.
Because he was employed by the Soviet government, Pajitnov did not receive royalties.
Many were educated to prepare themselves for life in the royal court.
As he grew he was educated by his mother, and uncle.
He was later released and died a confessor.
Ambrose is venerated as a saint by some branches of Christianity.
Microbial fuel cells finally allow the generation of electricity from biomass.
Auxiliary generators are usually run from propane, natural gas, or sometimes diesel.
Berms are placed on exposed surfaces to further increase the house's temperature stability.
In the Osiris myth, Anubis helped Isis to embalm Osiris.
In the Old Kingdom, Anubis was the most important god of the dead.
"Anubis" is a Greek rendering of this god's Egyptian name.
According to Gould, Jensen uses heritability to measure differences "between" populations.
The results led him to distinguish between two separate types of learning ability.
Eventually, Zero Mostel was cast.
From that point on, the show was a success.
Finally, the Captain's troops are able to round everyone up.
They caught Puffins, Lunda Cirrhata, Fratercula Corniculata, Guillemots, and Cephus and Murres.
Jewelry is made with designs specific to the region of each people.
Archeologists and anthropologists have not found much evidence related to burial rituals.
The Institute determined which land contained resources such as minerals and coal.
This innovative approach to native settlements engaged the tribes in corporate capitalism.
One native described it as a social and political experiment.
Another leading advocate of this Christology was Felix of Urgel.
Apollinarism and Eutychianism were two forms of monophysitism.
The equation predicts reversal of acids and base strengths.
It indicates that the substances are dissolved in water.
He became famous for his knowledge of early Arabian antiquities.
These stories are related through "isnad" channels.
The poems were put to music, but the musical signs are no longer readable.
Over the centuries this monastery played an important role in shaping Portuguese culture.
The surround to the sacristy doorway is an outstanding example of Manueline decoration.
It has a characteristic strong smell and a sharp burning taste.
The other amyl alcohols may be obtained synthetically.
The term "amyl nitrite" encompasses several isomers.
Amyl nitrite may also intensify the experience of synesthesia.
A sweeps period takes place in November to measure Nielsen Ratings.
Autumn, especially in poetry, has often been associated with melancholia.
It has been referred to as an unhealthy season.
This was the original home base for the famous China Clipper flying boat.
Both the American snow cone and the popsicle were first sold at Neptune Beach.
Later, Knowland owned the powerful "Oakland Tribune".
Color-coding conventions are various.
There are several lower-resolution methods for assigning general helical structure.
The arcade has hardware shops and shops like Argos.
The store opened later that year.
The name Accrington appears to be Anglo-Saxon in origin.
Rushdoony says, There are no mountains of Megiddo, only the Plains of Megiddo.
The charges were dismissed.
Deeper pipelining with more stages allowed higher clock speeds to be attained.
The chips were also liked for their undervolting ability.
As a result, Absalom fled to Geshur.
There were two sequels, "Escape to Persia" and "Oxus in Summer".
The Panj River forms the border of Afghanistan and Tajikistan.
The area was taken over by Russia during the Russian conquest of Turkestan.
He also expelled the Hindu Shahi from Gandhara.
Mountain tribe revolts hindered the process of converting the tribes.
Zaman's downfall was triggered by his attempts to consolidate power.
To counter the Afghans, Peshwa Balaji Bajirao sent Raghunathrao.
Ahmad Shah halted trade with Qing China and dispatched troops to Kokand.
Aimaq Hazara and Taimuri are most Mongoloid of the Aimaqs.
However, Arcturus may instead be the Tuamotuan star called "Turu".
Arcturus was once again called by its classical name from the Renaissance onwards.
Arcturus had several names that described its significance to indigenous Polynesians.
Brooks is Jewish; his grandparents emigrated from Austria and Russia.
They have two children, Jacob and Claire, and reside in Santa Monica, California.
You really don't like me'.
It can also, rarely, be occulted by Venus.
Based upon parallax measurements, Antares is approximately from the Sun.
In Persia, Antares was known as "Satevis", one of the four "royal stars".
Australia or South Africa can never observe an Aldebaran occultation.
Five faint stars are positioned so that they appear close to Aldebaran.
Occultations by planets are not possible at present, as each planet passes Aldebaran north.
In Western astrology, the star Altair was ill-omened, portending danger from reptiles.
This activity may be due to convection cells forming at the cooler equator.
Abbott reportedly called the "Q and A" program a "Lefty Lynch Mob".
At the same time, the newly formed Corporation underwent significant restructuring.
It is owned and operated by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation.
The latter was recently rediscovered under water.
The tram is considered the cheapest method of public transport.
Alexandria University is a public university that follows the Egyptian system of higher education.
The Alexandria City Court has a part-time locally elected judge.
Alexandria is part of the Anderson, Indiana Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The city council consists of seven members.
They play their home games at Bringhurst Field.
The Rapides Symphony holds an annual fall Pops concert in the amphitheater.
The battalion also has units located in Jonesboro, Winnfield, Colfax, and Saint Martinville, Louisiana.
The circuit of the old walls can still be traced.
Constantine considered making Troas the capital of the Roman Empire.
Troas is also a titular see of the Orthodox Church under the Ecumenical Patriarchate.
Local landmarks include Christie Park, and the Fountain in the town centre.
A. J. Cronin's uncle owned a pub in Bridge Street.
Alexandria Library is located on Gilmour Street.
It is located south-west of Bucharest, towards the Bulgarian border.
She has also worked on the principal gene mutations causing neuromuscular diseases.
The first algorithm based on this sequence pair appeared in the works of Lagrange.
This proof is given by Gauss.
In engineering, it is used for instance in elliptic filter design.
The exhibit is separated into seven areas.
Toriyama lives in his home studio in Kiyosu.
It is also a member of the large and diffuse Ursa Major moving group.
First, the star's strong magnetic field separating different elements in the star's hydrogen 'fuel'.
Such upgrades usually include a battery-backed real-time clock.
There is no guarantee that every blinking state or color is accurate.
It did not have the developer signatures or the carry handle.
These resources are handled by the Amiga Autoconfig standard.
The Commodore branding was retained for the international versions.
More general type of asymptotes can be defined in this case.
Suppose, as before, that the curve "A" tends to infinity.
Asymptotes are used in procedures of curve sketching.
The focus is on building a highly modular, reliable, and secure, operating system.
He is Jewish.
His paternal grandfather was born in Khorostkiv in the Austro-Hungarian empire.
These developments will probably later make their way back into the Ariane programme.
The second stage is on top of the main stage and below the payload.
Development of the Vinci engine continued, though at a lower pace.
The payload was two Galileo navigation satellites.
Arianespace uses the Guiana Space Center in French Guiana as its main launch site.
Once the multiplication is complete, the result needs to be placed somewhere.
Knuth's model has many other instructions as well.
Other intelligence officers have also disputed that claim.
I think nobody ever looked at them because of incompetence.
And, boy, did he express himself.
Similar techniques exist for subtraction and division.
This approach eventually replaced all other systems.
Their rational system of mathematics, or of their method of calculation.
Andersonville is part of the Americus Micropolitan Statistical Area.
The town also served as a supply depot during the war period.
The town changed very little over the years.
The Agra canal originates from Okhla barrage, downstream of Nizamuddin bridge.
Navigable branches connect the canal with Mathura and Agra.
It has no high mountains, but its surface is very hilly.
Amakusa pottery has been recognised by the government.
The islands are served by Amakusa Airfield, located on the north end of Shimoshima.
The particles produce a scattering effect upon the component parts of white light.
The backscattering of this light further turns it pinkish to reddish.
Edvard Munch's painting "The Scream" possibly depicts an afterglow during this period.
It is one of many closures in mathematics.
Saying this another way, "K" is contained in a "separably-closed" algebraic extension field.
This subextension is called a separable closure of "K".
He played the flute and clarinet.
He also invented the saxotromba, saxhorn and saxtuba.
The use of saxhorns spread rapidly.
In some languages, such as English, aspiration is allophonic.
Voiced consonants are seldom actually aspirated.
Aspirated consonants are not always followed by vowels or other voiced sounds.
Gamma knife may also be used.
Capillaries in turn successively join together to form veins that carry blood away.
However, interventional therapy may also be relatively risky.
Atlanta's dialect has traditionally been a variation of Southern American English.
Media is also an important aspect of Atlanta's economy.
Axiology studies mainly two kinds of values: ethics and aesthetics.
Philosophers began to recognize that differences existed between the laws and morality of society.
Aesthetics studies the concepts of "beauty" and "harmony.
As he reads them, Nora steels herself to take her life.
Nora promises to talk to Torvald about finding her a job.
Seeing them, she collapses, and the curtain is brought down.
The airframe was developed by Douglas Aircraft Company.
Sparrow I was a limited and rather primitive weapon.
The main changes were to the software, improving low-level performance.
They receive their initial guidance information from a radar not mounted on the vehicle.
It survived with shrapnel damage to the tail and no casualties.
Aircrew and maintenance training with live missiles was completed in June.
The latter is most effective against large, hard targets.
The propulsion system for both types is a solid-fuel rocket motor behind the warhead.
Ninety-nine missiles were fired during the two wars, eighty-four of which were successful.
The Phoenix was the United States' only long-range air-to-air missile.
Most of the research contained in the book was based on pilot interviews.
The flight versions had A and C versions.
Close air support roles include supporting ground troops, escorting convoys, and urban operations.
Air interdiction missions are conducted against planned targets and targets of opportunity.
Ghost Rider eventually was transferred and displayed at the Lockheed Museum at Marietta, Georgia.
The sedenions, on the other hand, are not alternative.
Conversely, any algebra whose associator is alternating is clearly alternative.
The structure theory of alternative rings is presented in.
In spatial arbitrage, an arbitrageur looks for price differences between geographically separate markets.
Competition in the marketplace can also create risks during arbitrage transactions.
The stadium has used several names over the years and has undergone several renovations.
Today's logo is a kite shaped double lozenge bordered in gold.
The following season, Cecchi Gori bought other important players, namely Swedish midfielder Stefan Schwarz.
The genre features chants, call-and-response vocals, and complex, interacting rhythms.
Afrobeat originated from Fuji, heavy Nigerian drumbeats, and Ghanaian highlife.
As the genre spread throughout the African continent many bands took up the style.
See Dirichlet convolution, below.
The revised Alien Enemies Act remains in effect today.
North Dakota was represented by controversial Senator William "Wild Bill" Langer.
The bill never passed.
There are many examples of antinomy.
He has devoted his life to making the Talmud accessible to all Jews.
Jacob Neusner's How Adin Steinsaltz Misrepresents the Talmud.
Steinsaltz is a popular University and radio commentator.
One notable pupil was Enoch Powell.
At first selling slowly, it rapidly became a lasting success.
"A. E. H." includes humorous verse such as a parody of Longfellow's poem "Excelsior".
Generally this position requires new physical mechanisms to explain the observed warming.
The importance of each individual influence in this mixture changes over time.
The building has now been demolished.
Other sites included Achnahaird beach where a horse chase was filmed and Loch Lurgainn.
The Hydroponicum was known for growing exotic fruit such as bananas all year round.
This error-adjustment is also called "partial adjustment".
Adaptive expectations were instrumental in the Phillips curve outlined by Milton Friedman.
However, in this framework it is clear why and how adaptive expectations are problematic.
In addition to regressive traits, cave forms evolved "constructive traits".
Since then, these have been selectively bred for their troglomorphic traits.
Cave fish and surface fish are able to produce fertile offspring.
Subsequently, in the far field, the ions will be greatly magnified.
At a minimum, an atom probe will consist of several key pieces of equipment.
Capone continued to back Thompson.
Capone was called "Snorky", a term for a sharp dresser, by his closest friends.
The ratio of these two is quoted as the amplifier dynamic range.
Ringing is the result of overshoot caused by an underdamped circuit.
It is especially an issue when applied over multiple amplifying stages.
It was also nominated for Best Make-Up.
They worked on the script throughout the pre-production and production of "Darkman".
Upon return, Ash demands to be returned to his own time.
This program finally combined reliability and accuracy, along with the necessary stand-off range.
All of the "Spruance" destroyers carried two separate quad Harpoon launchers.
He was interviewed by a consular officer, who again approved his application.
In June, he phoned his family for the last time.
All aboard died.
In it, he talked about his plans to bring the "bloodied message" to America.
Some passengers expressed doubt that the bomb was real.
The crash killed everyone on board.
The travel was a mammoth task in itself.
All major Christian denominations which officially recognize saints venerate Athanasius.
Athanasius stuck by the orthodox creed.
Parades and pageants are the heart of the Carnaval festivities.
So a minority on the islands has non European ancestry.
He stated that the Portuguese explored the area and claimed it for Portugal.
Many visitors prefer to travel in these areas in a convoy.
There is no breakdown of tourism revenues for the "Outback" "per se".
Mineral exploration continues as new mineral deposits are identified and developed.
While this solves the logical problem, one could argue that the philosophical problem remains.
Indeed, naive set theory might be said to be based on this notion.
For example, the class of all sets would be a proper class.
Acceptance tests are also used as regression tests prior to a production release.
The customer specifies scenarios to test when a user story has been correctly implemented.
In many cases, this is the only biographical data available.
He particularly enjoyed the support of Polish Lutherans.
All of its bridges were destroyed during the course of the war.
They were gassed there.
It serves today as a "Symbolic House of God".
It is the most important river of central Italy after the Tiber.
The flow rate of the Arno is irregular.
New dams built upstream of Florence have greatly alleviated the problem in recent years.
The people's quality of life is very high.
A coastal feature is that frosts are rare and never severe.
"Raivas" are also a typical biscuit of Aveiro.
Anthony is appealed to against infectious diseases, particularly skin diseases.
Veneration of Anthony in the East is more restrained.
He himself left no writings.
The length of the body reached about six feet in some cases.
The dental formula was i.
Few authorities recognize Amblypoda in modern classifications.
Amblygonite forms a series with "montebrasite", the low fluorine endmember.
The main sources for gem material are Brazil and the United States.
The use of laetrile led to a number of deaths.
Amygdalin is a cyanogenic glycoside derived from the aromatic amino acid phenylalanine.
Intravenous laetrile does not result in cyanide exposure.
Amok typically takes place in a well populated or crowded area.
The slang terms "going postal" or "going ballistic" are similar in scope.
Police describe such an event as a killing spree.
The United Methodists commonly incorporate the Apostles' Creed into their worship services.
If the candidate is a child, the godparents are to answer the questions.
Numbers of the form are known as Thabit numbers.
Fermat and Descartes also rediscovered pairs of amicable numbers known to Arab mathematicians.
Euler's rule creates additional amicable pairs for with no others being known.
This results in the consumers feeling fuller.
With its newfound use in microbiology, agar production quickly increased.
It can be used to make jellies, puddings, and custards.
It can have harmful effects on plants, aquatic animals and infrastructure.
Canadian Harold Harvey was among the first to research a "dead" lake.
Other affected areas include the southeastern coast of China and Taiwan.
Later, they joined the adherents of the non-Chalcedonian Patriarch Severus of Antioch.
No Elector of Saxony after Johann Georg I gave appananges to his younger sons.
These were directed primarily against the old Constitution.
Later, he was a member of the Order of the Golden Fleece.
The duke recaptured Groningen, but soon afterwards he died at Emden.
He was buried at Meissen.
Guthrie has also made several acting appearances.
He is the father of four children, who have also had careers as musicians.
He also has a home in Sebastian, Florida.
The full title is The Book of Alma: The Son of Alma.
The wealthier Zoramites eventually defected and united with the Lamanites.
This is largely a period of post-war reconstruction and exploration in the Nephite nation.
Beta-carotene may also increase lung cancer.
Melatonin easily crosses cell membranes and the blood-brain barrier.
Some antioxidant supplements may promote disease and increase mortality in humans under certain conditions.
Combinations of iron, aluminium, silicon and manganese make brass wear and tear resistant.
It is also used in zippers.
In addition, cutting operations can smear the lead globules over the surface.
The Kunstmuseum exhibits both temporary exhibitions and its permanent collection.
It is his fourth term.
Four delegates represent the Federal city of Bonn in the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Cha-cha is performed for both International Latin and American Rhythm.
Reverse turn is used to travel down long side and is overturned.
These chapters are typically clubs or teams that have an interest in ballroom dancing.
The remix version was also presented at Paula Cooper Gallery in New York.
It is believed that it is now a lost film.
Frightened, she flees into the forest, pursued by Gus.
The area of the bloom extended from Germany and Poland to Finland.
In the Middle Ages the sea was known by variety of names.
Most of the latter are in the Gulfs of Bothnia and Finland.
Some seas and lakes are brackish.
A brackish marsh may occur where a freshwater flow enters a salt marsh.
Brackish water condition commonly occurs when fresh water meets seawater.
There are also several public charter schools.
The Cross Bronx Expressway bisects it, east to west.
The consolidation of the Bronx into New York City proceeded in two stages.
The principal operators of Free Peers, Incorporated were Vincent Falco and Louis Tatta.
The official page remains active with a message announcing its discontinuation.
No other gnutella servant has enjoyed this capability.
Many Flemish people still speak dialects of Dutch in their local environment.
Belgian cinema has brought a number of mainly Flemish novels to life on-screen.
Belgium is a constitutional, popular monarchy and a federal parliamentary democracy.
Another development in this period was big band blues.
The slide guitar became an important part of the Delta blues.
Expressive guitar solos were a key feature of this music.
Juni, connecting the Brandenburg Gate and Ernst-Reuter-Platz, serves as the central east-west axis.
Berlin is well known for its highly developed bicycle lane system.
Originally he analyzed Biblical texts, seeking to uncover hidden layers of meaning.
Whorf took Sapir's first course at Yale on "American Indian Linguistics".
Both Bill and Hillary Clinton have received millions of dollars in book authorship fees.
The president was scheduled to visit both of these locations later in the week.
The phrase is nearly synonymous with the phrase "hornbook law".
This "restatement" is followed by commentary and examples that expand on the principle stated.
Blue laws may also prohibit retail activity on days other than Sunday.
Christmas Day and Easter Sunday are non-trading days.
Nonetheless, as of today, virtually all provincial Sunday Closing laws have ceased to exist.
Hops may be added at more than one point during the boil.
Further east in China are found Huangjiu and Choujiu-traditional rice-based beverages related to beer.
Beer colour is determined by the malt.
Computers usually manipulate bits in groups of a fixed size, conventionally named "words".
This principle is the basis of data compression technology.
A bitwise operation optionally process bits one at a time.
It is used extensively in protocol definitions.
This large investment promised to reduce transmission costs for eight-bit data.
It is analogous to amorphous carbon.
All other forms of boron nitride are crystalline.
The final album contains five tracks from New York and five from Minneapolis.
I mean ... people enjoying that type of pain, you know?
It didn't pertain to me ...
It's not something any one person should do about another.
Get a life, please.
Whatever work was done in Pro Tools was flown right back to the masters.
The four main characters finally got together by the end of the story.
The art work was provided by Henry Scarpelli.
The script acknowledged Granny's passing, but featured Imogene Coca as Granny's mother.
Once ignited, beryllium burns brilliantly forming a mixture of beryllium oxide and beryllium nitride.
Beryllium is a health and safety issue for workers.
This is one of the indicators of past activity at nuclear weapon test sites.
I thought the pictures were fine.
Brazilian roads are the primary carriers of freight and passenger traffic.
In martial arts, Brazilians developed Capoeira, Vale tudo, and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
Many regions have starkly different microclimates.
An important mining area was the Kinzig valley and its side valleys.
One oft-visited town is Baden-Baden with its thermal baths and festival hall.
Tourism at Black Sea resorts became one of the region's growth industries.
Because of the extreme stratification, it is classified as a salt wedge estuary.
During the spring, the Batumi eddy forms in the southeastern corner of the sea.
The order of the other books is somewhat different from other groups', as well.
In Eastern Christianity, translations based on the Septuagint still prevail.
These commandments provide the basis for Jewish religious law.
Port Moody is named after him.
Vanderhoof is near the geographic centre of the province.
Turnstiles have been added to all existing stations in the system.
During the visit, many members of the royal family joined the sangha.
These alternative chronologies, however, have not yet been accepted by all historians.
Bridges are subject to unplanned uses as well.
The separation of forces may be quite clear.
A viaduct is made up of multiple bridges connected into one longer structure.
Beads come in a variety of materials, shapes and sizes.
Today a wide range of beading styles flourish.
The uneven beads were noticed early on, this led to experimentation, slowly at first.
They also practice fine motor skills each time they grasp a game piece.
There are many varieties of board games.
The use of dice of various sorts goes back to the earliest board games.
The oldest-surviving synthetic materials used for beadmaking have generally been ceramics: pottery and glass.
It is thought that is because of bead trading that humans developed language.
The most common bead weaving technique requires two passes of the weft thread.
Different stitches produce pieces with distinct textures, shapes, and patterns.
Bead looms vary in size and are typically made of wood or metal.
It comprises fairy shrimp, clam shrimp, Cladocera, Notostraca and the Devonian "Lepidocaris".
The telson is flanked by a pair of long, thin caudal rami.
The three groups are not believed to form a clade.
This meeting was described in Matthew Stewart's "The Courtier and the Heretic".
Nietzsche esteemed few philosophers, but he esteemed Spinoza.
Karl Marx liked Spinoza's account of the universe, interpreting it as materialistic.
Later academics also referred to them as the properties of being.
Heraclitus, on the other hand, foreshadowed modern thought by denying existence.
Although innovated in the late medieval period, Thomism was dogmatized in the Renaissance.
Birds have one of the most complex respiratory systems of all animal groups.
The most commonly cited human threat to birds is habitat loss.
The song achieved commercial success, peaking inside the top-five in eleven countries.
After hearing the recorded material, Jive signed Spears to a multi-album deal.
She announced that the tour would start in July.
Bulgaria is not yet part of the eurozone but is showing progress.
Other major rivers include the Struma and the Maritsa in the south.
Bulgaria is one of the countries with highest biodiversity in Europe.
Some have used more than one approach in the same work.
When colonies grow too large, however, they can split in two.
Most colonies are stationary.
There are far fewer biennials than either perennial plants or annual plants.
This typically makes biennial vegetables such as spinach, fennel and lettuce unusable as food.
The plant then flowers, producing fruits and seeds before it finally dies.
They also contain eugenol.
Bay leaves have been used in entomology as the active ingredient in killing jars.
This is not true - bay leaves may be eaten without toxic effect.
The biota consists of a range of organisms.
Collections continued to be made by the Royal Ontario Museum.
A consideration of the combination of characters allows researchers to establish the taxonomic affinity.
They have no apparent adult supervision at home, are dim-witted, under-educated and barely literate.
That comes up every three years.
This part of the show was mostly improvised by Mike Judge.
Other taxa now included here were placed in various other orders.
Some offer access through packet switched networks or packet radio connections.
Bulletin Board Systems could be found for almost every hobby and interest.
Today shareware is commonly used to mean electronically distributed software from a small developer.
The trio is the first time the trombones play.
The score includes many repeats.
The name has stuck with the work ever since.
The second movement is in double variation form.
Rudolf was an amateur pianist and a patron, friend, and composition student of Beethoven.
The trio was written late in the Beethoven's so-called "middle period".
The name "Spring Sonata" was given to it after Beethoven's death.
The "Allegro" movement is featured in the stage show "Fame".
It is a crime in some jurisdictions.
The concept has fallen into disuse in Australia.
Being a common barrator was an offence under the common law of England.
This is deemed to be the first use of an aircraft as a bomber.
High-speed and high-altitude flying became a means of evading detection and attack.
With the advent of guided air-to-air missiles, bombers needed to avoid interception.
These are variations using small disks instead of balls, and light-weight cue sticks.
A few of the more popular examples of pool games are given below.
The players were stubborn in the fact that the cloth should not be ripped.
The city is also the administrative centre of Bursa Province.
The horizontally spacious and dimly lit interior is designed to feel peaceful and contemplative.
The mountain was called the Mysian Olympus by the Romans who lived there before.
It is known simply as "Creole" to differentiate languages.
Smith, William Johnson, Eddie Minnis and Winston Saunders.
The Central Bank administers restrictions and controls on capital and money market instruments.
It is completely overgrown with vegetation and is unusable.
There are no ports or harbors, with anchorage prohibited offshore.
Fish and Wildlife Service.
Pithas are traditional boiled desserts made with rice or fruits.
The Lathi khela and Boli Khela are two major forms of Bengali martial arts.
Malnutrition has been a persistent problem in the poverty-stricken country.
Infrequent natural hazards include earthquakes, landslips and hurricanes.
Overfishing is another threat which faces Barbados.
The name became "Bassas da India" due to transcription errors by cartographers.
Mooring at Bassas da India requires a permit from the French Government.
Minorities also practice Greek Catholicism, Judaism, Islam and Neopaganism.
There are several claims to the origin of the name White Rus'.
It is landlocked, relatively flat, and contains large tracts of marshy land.
The Greek Orthodox Church has a presence in Santa Elena.
In addition, Belize also offers nonresidents the ability to establish offshore accounts.
Temperatures and humidity are high along the tropical coast.
Marxism-Leninism was also abolished as the nation's form of government.
Cheese is used in some dishes.
The island is in the hurricane belt and prone to severe weather.
Other significant sources of visitors are from Canada and the United Kingdom.
A cabinet is nominated by the premier and appointed officially by the governor.
In Chile, the government and public rejected the peace treaty.
Bolivia has the second largest natural gas reserves in South America.
It is constituted by a "Regional Assembly".
The gravest accusations were raised by the opposition rank and file against Andrassy.
Groundwater use through deep borehole drilling has somewhat eased the effects of drought.
It is the outsider that found a home within the culture.
The country's currency is the Botswana pula.
There are four government-run hospitals in Brunei, one for every district.
The British Government later accepted the draft constitution.
Allied attacks on shipping eventually caused trade to cease.
The governor is appointed by the Queen on the advice of the British government.
The Spring Regatta is normally held during the first week of April.
A cabinet is nominated by the Premier and appointed and chaired by the Governor.
They still can flood and overflow, however.
Burkina Faso also hosts the International Art and Craft Fair, Ouagadougou.
It is made up of two major types of countryside.
Electricity is generally reliable, although many businesses have their own backup generators.
The Bahamas have no income tax, corporate tax, capital gains tax, or wealth tax.
The government aims to expand food production to reduce imports and generate foreign exchange.
The Attorney General heads the independent judiciary.
There is an established non-political civil service.
The maximum duration of a Parliament is five years from the first sitting.
These officials are highlighted in yellow.
Belarus has switched from an analog to digital broadcast television.
Being a landlocked country, Belarus has no navy.
The Belarusian Ministry of Defence and the Main Staff were formed from its resources.
Although large in numbers, some Western experts consider some of it outdated.
In terms of trade, almost half of Belarusian export goes to Russia.
The governments of Belarus and Ecuador concluded an agreement about mutual visa-free travel.
A White House spokesman described the expulsion as "deeply disappointing".
The majority state-owned public telephone company of Belgium is Proximus.
These companies all offer specialised services.
All other companies offer also fixed telephony in a duo play formula.
Waterways are managed on a regional level in Belgium.
Brussels Airport is Belgium's biggest airport.
Trains, contrary to tram and road traffic, run on the left.
There is also production of textiles, palm products, and cocoa beans.
Production ceased in recent years but exploration of new sites is ongoing.
Two major products involved such working conditions in Benin: cotton and crushed granite.
Agriculture consists largely of subsistence farming and animal husbandry.
Most development projects, such as road construction, rely on Indian migrant labour.
The Bhutanese believe them to be the aboriginal inhabitants of the country.
They follow a blend of Tibetan Buddhism mixed with animism.
The country is mostly mountainous, encompassing the central Dinaric Alps.
The north-eastern region has a typical continental climate.
In Bosnia and Herzegovina religion is strongly linked to ethnicity.
Bosnia's constitution does not specify any official languages.
Yugoslav Sign Language is used with Croatian and Serbian variants.
The Republika Srpska has five municipal courts.
The judiciary is independent of the executive and the legislature.
The Presidency serves as a collective head of state.
Industry was very strong, a holdover from the Mixed economic structure of Yugoslavia.
Celpak Prijedor is also a big enterprise producing cellulose and paper for export.
Giving it one of the best climates for economic expansion in Bosnia-Herzegovina.
The main bus station of Sarajevo has its own website.
The main provider of international bus connection in Bosnia and Herzegovina is Eurolines.
It is one of the easiest ways to travel here.
There are two major commands under the Joint Staff: Operational Command and Support Command.
Headquarters of Regiments have no operational authority.
Bulgaria was the first country to recognize Bosnia as an independent country.
Bosnia and Herzegovina has its office in New Delhi.
Bosnia and Herzegovina has an embassy in Sofia.
They still live in the Chobe district.
These days the Herero are among the wealthiest herders in Botswana.
The Kalahari Desert is in the central and the southwest.
The whole country is windy and dusty during the dry season.
Botswana is semi-arid, due to the short rain season.
The seven censuses of Botswana before its independence happened irregularly.
Previously, the citizens were counted based on their usual place of residence.
The Population Departement of the United Nations prepared the following estimates.
The Cabinet is headed by the President, who is also head of government.
There are two High Court divisions in Lobatse and Francistown.
General elections are held at least every five years.
This will be the main force behind continued economic expansion.
The main export of Botswana is diamonds.
One of the biggest problems is the inferior level of economy diversification they have.
Foreign publications are sold without restriction in Botswana.
Freight trains still operate.
The country's main international airport is Sir Seretse Khama International Airport in Gaborone.
The government-owned Air Botswana operates scheduled flights to Francistown, Gaborone, Maun, and Selebi-Phikwe.
It has welcomed post-apartheid South Africa as a partner in these efforts.
Botswana has a small number of diplomatic missions abroad.
The region has most of Brazil's industrial production.
The largest river in Brazil, the second longest in the world, is the Amazon.
The federal government has three independent branches: executive, legislative, and judicial.
The President is both the head of state and the head of government.
States hold elections every four years and exercise a considerable amount of power.
Brazil is a country with extreme differences in wages.
Its industrial sector accounts for three-fifths of the Latin American economy's industrial production.
Brazil created and expanded a complex agribusiness sector.
The Brazilian landline sector is fully open to competition and continues to attract operators.
Oi offers landline and mobile services under the Oi brand name.
With South American integration, more airports can be expected to open to international flights.
Brazil had a hundred tramway systems.
The senator was the responsible one for the implementation of the agency.
Their worldview was shaped and influenced by the anticommunism of that time.
The Brazilian military has also four times intervened militarily to overthrow the Brazilian government.
Foreign policy priorities are established by the President.
Brazil's political, business, and military ventures are complemented by the country's trade policy.
Brazil regularly extends export credits and university scholarships to its Latin American neighbors.
Typical daily minima are around in the summer and in the winter.
It has a tropical, humid climate, with temperatures moderated by trade winds.
There are no land boundaries.
The official language of the British Virgin Islands is English.
It scored less highly on infrastructure, access to capital and access to labour.
The most important of these is the formation and regulation of offshore investment funds.
The British Virgin Islands also promotes a number of regulated financial services products.
"B"mobile was joined to the suit as an interested party.
However, "b"mobile's main regional competitor, Digicel, was rejected for a licence.
The decision was regarded as highly controversial in the local media.
Brunei shares a border with Malaysia and has a coastline.
Bandar Seri Begawan's climate is tropical equatorial with two seasons.
Oil and natural gas account for almost all exports.
At least half of the directors in a company must be residents of Brunei.
A small amount of natural gas is used for domestic power generation.
Telephone service throughout Brunei is excellent.
Brunei actively supports Bangladesh's candidacy for different regional and international organisations.
Like Brunei, Singapore is a full member of the Commonwealth of Nations.
The relations have always been close and cordial.
There are three border crossings at Malko Tarnovo, Lesovo and Kapitan Andreevo.
The fossil fuels include coal, petroleum and natural gas.
The geographic center of Bulgaria is located in Uzana.
The protests continued over the lifetime of the Oresharski government.
The Judiciary is independent of the executive and the legislature.
Bulgarian economy closely resembled that of the Soviet Union.
The Bulgarian lev is anyway bound to the euro.
Infrastructure items such as recreation facilities and booking services require improvement.
The two largest ports are in Varna and in Burgas.
Buses are frequently used in Bulgaria for long-distance travel.
The table below lists Bulgarian military deployments in foreign countries.
Military education in Bulgaria is provided in military universities and academies.
Military service was obligatory.
Water shortages are often a problem, especially in the north of the country.
Recurring droughts and floods are a significant natural hazard.
The introduction of Islam to Burkina Faso was initially resisted by the Mossi rulers.
Christians, predominantly Roman Catholics, are largely concentrated among the urban elite.
The legislature and judiciary are independent but remain susceptible to outside influence.
Eleven banks and five non-bank financial institutions operate in the country.
The Mossi Plateau in north central Burkina Faso faces encroachment from the Sahara.
Industry remains dominated by unprofitable government-controlled corporations.
This pushed rates down even as density and coverage area increased.
Radio is the country's most popular communications medium.
Although the government does not attempt to impede criticism, some journalists practice self-censorship.
The manganese deposits near Dori are one source of traffic.
Only Ivory Coast is connected to Burkina Faso by rail.
There are international airports at Ouagadougou and Bobo-Dioulasso and numerous smaller airfields.
Being a landlocked country, Burkina Faso has no navy.
All squadrons were initially based at Ouagadougou.
Artillery and engineer battalions are also listed.
Burkina maintains cordial relations with Libya.
They remain allies and are active trading partners.
Sweden is a major contributor of developmental aid to Burkina Faso.
Rain is irregular, falling most heavily in the northwest.
As a landlocked country, Burundi possesses no coastline.
Most people live on farms near areas of fertile volcanic soil.
Intermarriage takes place frequently between the Hutus and Tutsis.
The president is elected by the people.
Parties are usually based on ethnic background.
Under Mandela the peace process has revived and important progress has taken place.
Little industry exists except the processing of agricultural exports.
Lake Tanganyika remains an important trading point.
Following the coup, the United States also suspended all but humanitarian aid to Burundi.
Radio is the main source of information for many Burundians.
Penalties range from two months' to three years' imprisonment and fines.
Authorities do not always respect the law requiring search warrants.
Kigali is the city with the most daily departures.
There are also a number of helicopter landing strips.
Most freight is transported down waterways.
Micombero then became Prime Minister.
Even if Niyombare's attempt fails, Nkurunziza's political credibility may be damaged irreparably.
He imposed a staunch regime of law and order and sharply repressed Hutu militarism.
Some Burundian rebel groups have used neighboring countries as bases for insurgent activities.
The Swedish Minister for Integration and Gender Equality, Nyamko Sabuni, was born in Burundi.
Two suspension bridges and a cable-stayed bridge cross the Bosphorus.
It is a major sea access route for numerous countries, including Russia and Ukraine.
Municipal administration is also conducted by a mayor, a council, and an executive.
It is now considered a landmark of Brussels.
Bell Labs' Claude Shannon later proved that it is unbreakable.
Eight Nobel Prizes have been awarded for work completed at Bell Laboratories.
This technology evolution dramatically reduced floor space needs.
His thesis advisor at Cambridge was Professor David Wheeler.
Stroustrup has written or co-written a number of publications including the following books.
Axons transmit signals to other neurons by means of specialized junctions called synapses.
For vertebrates, the early stages of neural development are similar across all species.
It takes into account the nonlinearity of the brain-to-body relationship.
Byzantium later conquered Chalcedon, across the Bosporus on the Asiatic side.
The tale is also related by Stephanus of Byzantium, and Eustathius.
Byzantium was besieged by Greek forces during the Peloponnesian War.
The East Germans then built zig-zagging roads at checkpoints.
However, East German authorities could still refuse entry permits.
The Soviets mounted a public relations campaign against the Western policy change.
This is not one genre.
Burning mirrors achieve a similar effect by using reflecting surfaces to focus the light.
The technology of the burning glass has been known since antiquity.
These included carbon dioxide by burning diamond, and mercuric oxide by heating mercury.
Many hills in England were named Beacon Hill after such beacons.
"Beaconing" is the process that allows a network to self-repair network problems.
Systems of this kind have existed for centuries over much of the world.
Originally this was primarily the dhol.
Less serious topics include beautiful women with their colourful duppattas.
The first Beastie Boys show took place at Berry's loft.
"Grand Royal Magazine" is also responsible for giving British band Sneaker Pimps their name.
"Beastie Revolution" was later sampled for a British Airways commercial.
The topography of the islands is modest in scale by global standards.
About two to four millennia later, Great Britain became separated from the mainland.
In Scotland, pine and birch are most common.
However, Basque was explicitly recognized in some areas.
Within a noun phrase, modifying adjectives follow the noun.
Others find this unlikely: see the "aizkora" controversy.
In fact, they each filmed their appearances separately.
The twosome produced records by other artists and continued writing songs together.
Andersson also worked on the film adaptation of "Mamma Mia!".
The Affix stack was developed by Nokia.
The specification is based on frequency-hopping spread spectrum technology.
That lets the latest standard cover all older versions.
Participation in the Working Groups is restricted to Promoter members and Associate members.
They are responsible for the vast majority of published standards and specifications.
The Working Groups develop new Bluetooth specifications and enhance adopted specifications.
It's a Holi-Holiday.
The album's commercial performance was initially lukewarm.
But he knows a lot, that's the problem.
Scott outlined the film was "liable to be a sequel" without the previous cast.
We had a bad patch there, and I'm over it.
He interrupted presentations with such comments That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard!
That should be positive if we manage it well.
Gates has also provided personal donations to educational institutions.
Belgian Blue cattle require more skilled management and do not thrive in harsh environments.
This particular trait is shared with another breed of cattle known as Piedmontese.
This mutation also interferes with fat deposition, resulting in very lean meat.
In nuclear reactors, B is used for reactivity control and in emergency shutdown systems.
Nuclear applications of boron carbide include shielding, control rods and shut-down pellets.
The B and B nuclei also cause splitting in the resonances of attached nuclei.
Bromic acid is a strong acid.
Chronic exposure may lead to frequent bronchial infections and a general deterioration of health.
Bromine forms a monofluoride and monochloride, as well as a trifluoride and pentafluoride.
Barium is chemically similar to magnesium, calcium, and strontium, but even more reactive.
A similar reaction with silicon at yields barium and barium metasilicate.
It is a member of the actinide and transuranium element series.
Berkelium was the fifth transuranium element discovered after neptunium, plutonium, curium and americium.
The aluminium hydroxide in the lateritic bauxite deposits is almost exclusively gibbsite.
This aluminium oxide is dissolved at a temperature of about in molten cryolite.
Zones with highest aluminium content are frequently located below a ferruginous surface layer.
Bavarians consider themselves to be egalitarian and informal.
The country became one of the Jesuit supported counter-reformation centers.
The capital and largest city is Potsdam.
They relied heavily on river transport.
Otto founded the Bishoprics of Brandenburg and Havelberg.
The Bundestag's executive bodies include the Council of Elders and the Presidium.
Its seat was in the Free City of Frankfurt on the Main.
Accordingly, each voter has two votes in the elections to the Bundestag.
It is also a member of the South Carolina Environmental Excellence Program.
Pop singer Aura Dione also originates from the island.
If there is capacity on a departure, "normal" passengers can come aboard.
Novels are stories that typically feature a plot, setting, themes and characters.
It was historically used for writing documents, notes, or the pages of a book.
The monks or people who wrote them were paid highly.
He had influence in the film industry.
He was a daredevil.
Thackeray declared himself to be the "remote control" chief minister.
His son Anders August is a screenwriter.
Bille is the first foreign director to be hired by the Chinese film company.
The Slavs also built a fortress around their settlement.
The Pelagonia agricultural combine is the largest producer of food in the country.
Bitola is located in the southwestern part of Macedonia.
He moved to attack Norfolk's vanguard.
For his kin, Henry created Jasper Tudor the Duke of Bedford.
There was a cluster of field names suggesting the presence of marshland and heath.
The seed leaves are entire or have a notch at the tip.
The Council of Jamnia theory is increasingly rejected by most liberal scholars.
Empty table cells indicate that a book is absent from that canon.
However, the Slavonic, Armenian, and Ethiopian traditions have different New Testament book orders.
Commonly used statistics with their abbreviations are explained here.
Most of these terms also apply to softball.
Broadcast commentators often refer to this as "playing the percentages".
An at bat is different from a plate appearance.
This ambiguous terminology is usually clarified by context.
Both total runs and earned runs are tabulated as part of a pitcher's statistics.
Greene walked the next batter to load the bases.
If the batter strikes out to end the inning, it will stay that way.
If this batter guesses correctly, he could achieve more success than he otherwise would.
The move was met with some controversy.
Intentional walks do carry risks, however.
Only bases attained from hits count toward this total.
His helmet shattered, and he suffered a concussion.
However, throwing at a batter intentionally is illegal, and can be very dangerous.
Hooks Wiltse and Max Scherzer hold this rare feat.
He would retain his American Association batting championship.
Doubles, triples, and home runs are also called extra base hits.
An "infield hit" is a hit where the ball does not leave the infield.
On-base percentage can also vary quite considerably from player to player.
This would also eliminate the only right-handed batter in the list, Barnes.
This term has fallen out of use.
Mantle is the only switch-hitter in the group.
Successful base stealers are not only fast but have good baserunning instincts and timing.
However, such a tactic was not recorded as a stolen base.
This is a minor risk of a steal attempt.
However, at season's end.
Melky's case, however, turned out differently.
Plate appearances are also used by scorers for "proving" a box score.
All proceeds from this effort went to the National Urban League.
All of these are used within hardware registers and processing units, and in software.
To check the rest of the digits, represent them in decimal.
Bumin got angry and killed Anagui's mission and cut all relationship with Rouran Khaganate.
Yuwen Tai permitted it and sent Princess Changle of Western Wei to Bumin.
How dare you utter these words?.
He also invaded the western sections of the Chinese territories.
Pei, Lawrence Halprin and Paul Rudolph, among many others.
This school became the Institute of Design, part of the Illinois Institute of Technology.
Mies appointed no new faculty other than his close confidant Lilly Reich.
Beowulf returns home and eventually becomes king of his own people.
This exhaustive analysis is in itself sufficient to prove that Beowulf was composed orally.
She is skilled in many areas, but excels in combat-related abilities.
Instrumental versions of all the songs are bonus tracks on the disc.
Cleavon Little was cast in the role, and Pryor remained as a writer.
The disc features exclusive liner notes featuring comments from Mel Brooks and John Morris.
He won Hugo Awards for his novelettes "Bicycle Repairman" and "Taklamakan".
He also contributed, along with Lewis Shiner, to the short story "Mozart in Mirrorshades".
This has earned him the nickname "Chairman Bruce".
Brain abscess is usually associated with congenital heart disease in young children.
So I gave her the part of a man - that amused me.
When she was seven she was admitted to the Cours Hattemer, a private school.
Her relationship with Vadim, who attended the audition, influenced her further life and career.
These instruments had varying numbers of strings, though often including some form of drone.
This style is based upon parlor-style guitar.
The etymology of the name "banjo" is uncertain.
Latin American players, largely overlooked before, also started entering the majors in greater numbers.
Major league teams often skirt even this rule.
Baseball has also inspired the creation of new cultural forms.
There are two side effects.
In fact, there were dozens of leagues, large and small, at this time.
This was the first high-profile moment in baseball after the strike.
In recent decades, pitchers have rarely won the award.
The following season, Chalmers created the Chalmers Award.
The award goes to the player who receives the most overall points.
No franchise has won both the National and American League Championship Series.
Click the link on the far left for detailed information on that series.
The series concludes when one team records its fourth win.
No franchise has won both the National League and American League Championship Series.
It is played in a best-of-five format.
Chants of "U-S-A, U-S-A" rang throughout Yankee Stadium.
Roger Clemens and Mike Mussina were the leaders of the Yankees' pitching staff.
The Diamondbacks broke the game open with eight runs in the bottom half.
Boston pitchers Bill Dinneen and Cy Young led Boston to victory.
Phillippe started his fifth and final game of the series and Dinneen his fourth.
The outcome, many believed, hinged on Wagner's health.
Viral survival and vector longevity is seen during milder winters.
Nasal signs may be prominent, with nasal discharge and stertorous respiration.
In sheep, this can lead to knee-walking.
He promotes open radio communications standards and open source hardware.
With the possible exception of Russia, all nations have struck their Morse Code requirements.
It was the first book series to be published under an open license.
Consequently, the idea of a self must be eliminated.
Thus, different combinations of properties and relations produce different objects.
The objection maintains that language causes confusion that supports bundle theory.
Eisenhower was under the impression that Goodwood was to be a break out operation.
The offensive failed to achieve its objectives.
He was the first physician to put thermometer measurements to clinical practice.
Boerhaave attracted many students to Leiden University, where he taught his perception and philosophy.
The enrichment extracted from his lectures at Leiden.
Disraeli has a memorial in Westminster Abbey.
He was shouted down by O'Connell's supporters.
He again offered a place to Gladstone, who declined.
The binomial distribution is the basis for the popular binomial test of statistical significance.
No closed form for this distribution is known.
The proportion of people who agree will of course depend on the sample.
Careful analysis with biostatistical methods is required to separate the signal from the noise.
Almost all educational programmes in biostatistics are at postgraduate level.
These sources feature regular repetitive publication of series of data.
This makes the topic of time series especially important for business statistics.
His twelve male children become the ancestors of the Twelve Tribes of Israel.
As the Lions represent two sovereign states, they do not have a national anthem.
Later the name British Isles became associated with the team.
Five years later a British Isles side returned to South Africa.
Also, the double bass-style technique can be used for fretting.
The earliest production basses had a 'stacked' volume and tone control for each pickup.
Worldwide, basketball tournaments are held for boys and girls of all age levels.
Nor may a player stop his dribble and then resume dribbling.
The United States defeated Canada in the first final, played outdoors.
Balls can also be used for simpler activities, such as catch, marbles and juggling.
Black-powder weapons use stone and metal balls as projectiles.
Synonymous terms for these notions are afterset and respectively foreset.
This difference in perspectives does raise some nontrivial issues.
But others view functions as simply sets of ordered pairs with unique first components.
Some contractions are more similar than their print equivalents.
Braille cells are not the only thing to appear in braille text.
However, the event is not considered a public holiday.
Celebrations are held throughout France.
A mass was celebrated by Talleyrand, bishop of Autun.
Schneier has stated that, Blowfish is unpatented, and will remain so in all countries.
Blowfish is a fast block cipher, except when changing keys.
"See" key stretching.
Bijections are precisely the isomorphisms in the category Set of sets and set functions.
A function is invertible if and only if it is a bijection.
If "M" is a positive definite matrix, this yields an inner product.
The various concepts relating to functions can also be generalised to binary functions.
But this function is undefined when the second input is zero.
You can experiment.
I walked out on it because it was a really good film.
When Jeffrey moves to leave, she asks him to stay, though he leaves anyway.
Here "K" is a field and "S" is a vector space over that field.
They are also called, respectively, Polish notation and reverse Polish notation.
Thus, for the general, non-associative case, binary operations can be represented with binary trees.
More recently, bags made of synthetic materials including Gore-Tex have become much more common.
Exceptions are generally those pipes which have a double-chanter instead.
Traditionally, one of the purposes of the bagpipe was to provide music for dancing.
Its name comes from a nightclub in London that is also called Bedrock.
Bedrock is also the name that Digweed and Muir use as their production moniker.
Lipids are usually made from one molecule of glycerol combined with other molecules.
Today, the terms "molecular biology" and "biochemistry" are nearly interchangeable.
A suitable method for excreting it must therefore exist.
Badminton is frequently compared to tennis.
Towelling grips are always replacement grips.
Many players, however, prefer to use replacement grips as the final layer.
The Latin root can be found in "bis-roca".
Baroque is a style of unity imposed upon rich, heavy detail.
Forms such as the sonata, cantata and oratorio flourished.
He also proved that these axioms are independent of each other.
The dual of an "ideal" is a "filter".
The first four pairs of axioms constitute a definition of a bounded lattice.
It is located in Palazzo Koch, via Nazionale, Rome.
The main function has thus become banking and financial supervision.
The Board of Directors is elected by the shareholders according to the bank statute.
These were not intended as humour.
The compilations prepared by Mike Barfield.
Joy's graduate advisor was Bob Fabry.
Joy denies this assertion.
This is the bandwidth of a device divided by its center frequency.
A commonly used quantity is fractional bandwidth.
For different applications there are different precise definitions.
Pure Land Buddhism suggests buddhists go to the pure lands to practice as bodhisattvas.
This definition is given as the following.
It extends from Admiralty Arch, across Saint James's Park to the Victoria Memorial.
The bomber's engine was later exhibited at the Imperial War Museum in London.
Business lounges are used where these are not available.
However, opposition from the Treasury blocked the proposal.
Instead, a table folds up from under the middle seat on refurbished aircraft.
Other words for bicycle include "bike", "pushbike", "pedal cycle", or "cycle".
Self-service and assisted-service maintenance and repair may be available.
These have allowed for a proliferation of specialized designs for many types of cycling.
Sugar polymers can be linear or branched and are typically joined with glycosidic bonds.
There are a number of biophysical techniques for determining sequence information.
All polymers are made of repetitive units called monomers.
The Liberal Democrats gained six seats.
For the Liberal Democrats, this was the first election for leader Charles Kennedy.
As Labour remained at the political centre, the Tories moved to the right.
Exceptions include the Words of Mormon and the Book of Ether.
These statements have been published in most editions of the Book of Mormon.
Smith reluctantly acceded to Harris's requests.
These differences exist both among associations, and even among churches within the associations.
The Home Mission Society prevented slaveholders from being appointed as missionaries.
Like other peoples, Americans have often interpreted great events in religious terms.
Each option has a corresponding hand signal.
Some games give the player a fifth option, "surrender".
Here are a few shows inspired by the game.
Bicarbonate also serves much in the digestive system.
Bicarbonate also acts to regulate pH in the small intestine.
This is used as a leavening agent in baking.
His General Manager Ron Caron said he was A great playmaker.
He makes the average or above average player look like a star at times.
He's such an unselfish player.
Rainfall is moderate but typically occurs at night.
Buffalo is one of the largest Polish-American centers in the United States.
Buffalo has several well-known food companies.
The book preached the importance of forming voluntary associations to benefit society.
Franklin used London as a base to travel.
During this trip, events drastically changed the nature of his mission.
Banach spaces play a central role in functional analysis.
They are called biorthogonal functionals.
He also met one of his literary idols, Walt Whitman.
Some biographers attribute the cause of death to tertiary syphilis, others to overwork.
However some experts think that the Russian origin of the game is a fallacy.
It has some features in common with Solo Whist.
The bidding cards are laid out in sequence as the auction progresses.
House boats may be used for vacationing or long-term housing.
This canoe is exhibited in the Drents Museum in Assen, Netherlands.
An enclosed space on a boat is referred to as a cabin.
In modern times, blood transfusions are generally not considered against the rules.
This command continued to be observed by the Eastern Orthodox.
Hemerythrin is violet-pink when oxygenated.
He showed how visual complexity can be created from simple rules.
Mandelbrot, however, never felt he was inventing a new idea.
His family was Jewish.
There is some uncertainty about the origin of this feast.
Ruins of their familial home were excavated from beneath the church and preserved.
He prayed a blessing over the cup and the cup shattered.
Caesar then ordered in his third line, containing his most battle-hardened veterans.
Now at full strength, Caesar felt confident to take the fight to Pompey.
Also stationary troops were expected to be able to defend better against pila throws.
Wild men stories are found among the indigenous peoples of the Pacific Northwest Coast.
No formal federation members were involved and the study made no notable discoveries.
Such reports are attributed to persons seeing various animals, particularly black bears.
All the other artists signed to Decca after Bing did.
He knew it would generate a lot of publicity.
The Sunday edition of the "Spokesman-Review" published a feature called "The Bingville Bugle.
This market is valued in billions of dollars.
Haiti and the United States have signed the Convention but not ratified it.
Many believed a full ban was needed including exports for recycling.
It features music from Zorn's "Masada" project, rearranged for small ensembles.
The album consistently impresses.
Popular computer magazines of the day typically included type-in programs.
A short documentary film was produced for the event.
The first Altair version was co-written by Gates, Allen, and Monte Davidoff.
Their names were preceded by "Imperator Caesar" and followed by "Augustus".
A very small change in initial conditions had created a significantly different outcome.
He later proposed that such phenomena could be common, for example, in meteorology.
Almost all product lines were discontinued.
It also has development centers at Singapore, Santa Ana, California, and Linz, Austria.
Schroders was the lead investment banker.
The enormous Fuller Collection is currently housed at Stanford University.
I must put everything in, so I started a very rigorous record.
"I suggest to audiences that they say, 'I'm going "outstairs" and "instairs.
Watterson's style also reflects the influence of Winsor McCay's "Little Nemo in Slumberland".
The "Post" abruptly fired Watterson before his contract was up.
Black has been a traditional color of cavalry and armoured or mechanized troops.
This provides two superficially opposite but actually complementary descriptions of black.
Black is frequently used as a color of power, law and authority.
However, the principle of concentrating high-grade cryptanalysis at Bletchley was maintained.
Eleanor Ireland worked on the Colossus computers.
Luftwaffe messages were the first to be read in quantity.
Most survived the Middle Ages, but a few were lost.
Both types of Bede's theological works circulated widely in the Middle Ages.
Bede wrote some works designed to help teach grammar in the abbey school.
The milk in bubble tea is optional, though many tea stores use it.
There are many varieties of the drink with a wide range of ingredients.
The most prevalent varieties of tea have changed frequently.
The French battalions were overwhelmed by Colonel Blood's close-range artillery and platoon fire.
The Allies, nevertheless, needed a base for provisions and a good river crossing.
It took all these faults to lose so celebrated a battle.
But these decisions soon became academic.
Villeroi also positioned powerful batteries near Ramillies.
Villeroi was helpless to arrest the process of collapse.
He authored many Unix programs, including ditroff.
Kernighan was the software editor for Prentice Hall International.
A major reason for the compiler's portability lay in its structure.
One was providing standard library routines for packing and unpacking words into byte strings.
The Hungarian notation was developed to help programmers avoid inadvertent type errors.
The German fleet withdrew to port after two short encounters with the British fleet.
The slow-firing main guns were the principal weapons for battleship-to-battleship combat.
Several Italian and German capital ships participated in the non-intervention blockade.
The cost of this cruiser arms race was significant.
Initially the class was planned with the "Invincible"s as the benchmark.
Only three men survived.
Hawke was born in South Australia but moved to Western Australia as a child.
He subsequently abandoned his Christian beliefs.
By the time he entered politics he was a self-described agnostic.
As he was carried to the ship, Odin whispered in his ear.
In Copenhagen, there is also a Baldersgade, or Balder's Street.
Here he lives with his wife Sif and their children.
Trading Card Game, "Nordic Relic Brisingamen".
However, this saga makes no mention of the great necklace.
However, in general this is not true for other functions "A".
Because "g" is continuous on a compact domain, it is uniformly continuous.
"Bragi" is generally associated with "bragr", the Norse word for poetry.
Bragi's mother is possibly the giantess Gunnlod.
The second type would be characteristic of the philosophy of essentialism.
V represents a vowel; C represents a consonant.
In fact these names exhibit multiple different Celtic roots.
The final root to be examined is "went".
Following Foster's departure, Bronski Beat began work on their next album, "Out and About".
Some of the song titles were "The Final Spin" and "Peace And Love".
The tracks were recorded at Berry Street studios in London with engineer Brian Pugsley.
However, many exceptions exist.
Thus the first binary prefix was born.
The Hall's motto is Preserving History, Honoring Excellence, Connecting Generations.
A more complete discussion of the new process is available below.
A Monte Carlo algorithm is a randomized algorithm which is likely to be correct.
Finding this string may be expensive, however.
There is at most one oracle query per deterministic computation step.
This leads to a collapse of quantum state to one of the basis states.
Informally, this is true because polynomial time algorithms are closed under composition.
She asks Deckard to hunt down the "missing" sixth replicant.
Deckard returns to Sarah with his suspicion: there is "no" sixth replicant.
She has completed her revenge by both destroying Tyrell, and taking back Rachael's place.
This is a language extension devised by Panu Kalliokoski.
He was more distinguished in architecture than in sculpture.
The statue was meant to highlight Cosimo's goal of establishing a Florentine Naval force.
He took Grand Duke Cosimo I as model for Neptune's face.
He was born in Bordeaux.
Conventional overhead cables are used outside the city.
His party gained four seats.
The name Bourde is still the name of a river south of the city.
Two different versions of the original game were released.
Bubbles will fire automatically if the player remains idle.
This is one puzzler that isn't a bust.
Bones are then often imaged, called radiography.
Osteoporosis usually has no symptoms until a fracture occurs.
Cancers that arise in bone are called "primary" cancers, although such cancers are rare.
The first syllable of the term "bretwalda" may be related to "Briton" or "Britain".
Thus, this interpretation would mean 'sovereign of Britain' or 'wielder of Britain'.
A complex array of dominance and subservience existed during the Anglo-Saxon period.
Let us begin with the string in an unfolded state, then refold it.
Benzoic acid is also formed in apples after infection with the fungus "Nectria galligena".
In teaching laboratories, benzoic acid is a common standard for calibrating a bomb calorimeter.
The Boltzmann distribution can be introduced to allocate permits in emissions trading.
This gives a stronger spectral line.
Whereas, the latter is used to describe particle speeds in idealized gases.
Jardine called this modified form of the tactic "fast leg theory".
It centers me.
She appeared in commercials for Prolia, a brand of denosumab for injection.
Regarding meditation practice, Danner said, I have found transcendental meditation very helpful and comforting.
The profit obtained from the speed and yield of smelting justifies its cost.
As a general principle, Fe ions are used to oxidize the ore.
Several species of fungi can be used for bioleaching.
Holds, usually made of plastic, are then bolted onto the wall to create problems.
Of the aforementioned equipment, climbing shoes have the most direct impact on performance.
The specialized rock climbing shoe was invented by one such athlete, Pierre Allain.
Simple carboxylic acids dimerize by forming hydrogen bonds between molecules.
As a common example, salt water boils at a higher temperature than pure water.
The element with the lowest boiling point is helium.
For baryogenesis to occur, the Sakharov conditions must be satisfied.
However, special relativity does not apply beyond motion through space.
The average temperature of the universe would asymptotically approach absolute zero-a Big Freeze.
Kunstmann Brewery from Valdivia produces a dark, bittersweet version of bock.
The mouthfeel is smooth, with low to moderate carbonation and no astringency.
Plural is indicated by a change of class, with a resulting change of prefix.
"Glottolog" has incorporated many of these into their classification.
Another example is "buledi" for "bread".
Locations under construction but not activated.
It has been nominated to the National Register of Historic Sites.
The site remained in operation for several years following the fire.
The river drains the Guayanan Highlands moist forests ecoregion.
It is long, up to its Uraricoera confluence.
The latter almost links its sources with those of the Essequibo.
The bus is sometimes staffed by promotions personnel, giving out free gifts.
Many private taxicab companies also operate larger minibus vehicles to cater for group fares.
In-service examples are still in use by other operators.
The pre-War Bali as "paradise" was revived in a modern form.
Rice comes in many varieties.
Balinese percussion orchestra music, known as "gamelan", is highly developed and varied.
Bulgarian has a rich set of inflectional and derivational processes.
The possible existence of a few other moods has been discussed in the literature.
"Bulgarian" was the first "Slavic" language attested in writing.
A right bipyramid has two points above and below the centroid of its base.
Nonright bipyramids are called oblique bipyramids.
The reflection domains can be shown as alternately colored triangles as mirror images.
There is no significant threat to livestock from a 'big cat' in Bodmin Moor.
The skull was sent to the Natural History Museum in London for verification.
The three organizations run a vegetarian co-op for the larger community.
Brown's theatre and playwriting programs are among the best-regarded in the country.
BillAtkinson dot com About The Artist.
He takes close-up photographs of stones that have been cut and polished.
He withdrew to Lostwithiel, covering the port of Fowey.
The increasingly demoralised Parliamentarian infantry fell back towards Fowey in pouring rain.
On ethics, Russell considered himself a utilitarian.
Lady Amberley was the daughter of Lord and Lady Stanley of Alderley.
He cruised down the Volga on a steamship.
The fly-by-wire system reduces weight and allows independent operation of individual spoilers.
Other carriers including All Nippon Airways and Delta Air Lines also ordered winglet kits.
This is roughly the distance from Shenzhen to Seattle.
San Francisco won its first championship just two years after winning only two games.
He also drafted quarterback Joe Montana from Notre Dame in the third round.
Walsh is survived by his wife Geri, his son Craig and his daughter Elizabeth.
Small work-type utility knives have also been used to commit robbery and other crimes.
Specialized blades also exist for cutting string, linoleum, and other materials.
These small knives feature light-duty blades best suited for cutting thin, lightweight materials.
Also, unlike arsenic, metallic tin and fumes from tin refining are not toxic.
Bronze, or bronze-like alloys and mixtures, were used for coins over a longer period.
Bell bronze is used to make the tone rings of many professional model banjos.
The number of structures in the renewed Treaty has been reduced and thus simplified.
Under the Treaty the Union implies the co-operation of economic, financial and social policies.
Borges also wrote a controversial column asserting that Lance Armstrong is not an athlete.
This is made possible through donations from Herald readers and other sponsors.
Borges responded by striking Katz, who responded by striking at Borges with his cane.
Ban Johnson ordered him fined, suspended, and stripped of his captaincy.
His paternal grandparents were from Prussia and Hanover.
Besides, the President gets a four-year contract.
Some barges are not self-propelled and must be towed or pushed by towboats.
These towboats travel between ports and are also called line-haul boats.
These are often called 'pike poles'.
A few miles northwest in Leicestershire the slender "a" becomes more widespread generally.
One of these dialects, Late West Saxon, eventually came to dominate.
Troops were often used to storm enemy ships as used by Romans and pirates.
Anti-aircraft batteries are used much more extensively to defend against incoming aircraft than interceptors.
Capturing high ground, for example, has been the central strategy in innumerable battles.
She was returning to her California home following a holiday on Cape Cod.
Her elder sister, Marisa Berenson, became a well-known model and actress.
She also appeared in several motion pictures, including "Cat People" with Malcolm McDowell.
Biological classification is a form of scientific taxonomy.
Botany originated as herbalism, the study and use of plants for their medicinal properties.
Ethnobotany is the study of the relationships between plants and people.
Many crystal-producing Bt strains, though, do not have insecticidal properties.
Like other members of the genus, all three are aerobes capable of producing endospores.
There are also issues specific to Bt transgenic crops.
Phages replicate within the bacterium following the injection of their genome into its cytoplasm.
The base plates are assembled first, with the tails being built upon them afterward.
At high concentrations, bacteriostatic agents are often bactericidal against some susceptible organisms.
The ultimate guide to treatment of any infection must be clinical outcome.
I became interested in the possibilities of this technique, and I began experimenting myself.
Years later, he blamed other failures on the Breton incident.
The book later published under that title incorporates little of this material.
Conservative management is usually adequate for nonsuppurative lymphadenitis.
It may also be used in the treatment of some types of bladder cancers.
Serious side effects are rare.
The word "buteo" is Latin for a buzzard.
The steppe buzzard, B.
Pairs mate for life.
Rhenium and technetium form a range of oxyhalides from the halogenation of the oxide.
In the periodic table of the elements, it is a d-block transactinide element.
Bohrium has no stable or naturally occurring isotopes.
Olson was born Barbara Kay Bracher in Houston, Texas.
In that position, she led the Travelgate and Filegate investigations into the Clinton administration.
She was a resident of Great Falls, Virginia.
The initial Project Daedalus model sparked further theoretical research.
Barnard's Star shares much the same neighborhood as the Sun.
The affair has been discussed as part of a broader scientific review.
The last upper-case letter used in this way was "Q".
In Bayer's day, however, stellar brightness could not be measured precisely.
Within each magnitude class, Bayer made no attempt to arrange stars by relative brightness.
Its name is from the Arabic phrase for "club" or "staff".
Aratus described him circling the north pole, herding the two bears.
His own breach with the Roman Catholic Church was final.
Ochino's reputation among Protestants was low.
His dialogues on divorce and against the Trinity were also considered heretical.
Illegal sales of liquor accounted for many fortunes in and around Belleville.
The bassoon is even rarer as a regular member of rock bands.
The smallest finger operates three keys.
This prevents cracking, as low notes can sometimes crack into a higher octave.
Recent cheap and compact computing power has made two-legged robots more feasible.
Again, the whole-body kinetics are similar to animals with more limbs.
Humans usually take a breath every other stride when their aerobic system is functioning.
It became a self-sustaining process that proceeded without external help from manually entered instructions.
They assert that it has arisen via a groundswell of public opinion.
It is legitimate for these stories to be given coverage across all media platforms.
The Czech archaeologist Kristian Turnvvald classified such languages as Danubian Baltic.
Proto-Baltic is then thought to have split into East Baltic and West Baltic branches.
The German linguist Schall attributed a South Baltic classification to the Dacian language.
This includes nucleotide and amino acid sequences, protein domains, and protein structures.
Historically, the term "bioinformatics" did not mean what it means today.
Protein localization is thus an important component of protein function prediction.
It's very Brechtian.
But once the thing starts, they just go with the way it's going.
The "Be Black, Baby" section of "Hi, Mom!
The Mitchell was an exceptionally sturdy aircraft that could withstand tremendous punishment.
It had the forward dorsal turret and other armament and airframe advancements.
Combat requirements lead to further developments.
He received a standing ovation as he stood waiting for his prize.
This record has since been held by Bobby Moore and Peter Shilton.
He then spent some time playing in South Africa.
Barry conveys this plan to the Chevalier, who flees in the night.
John Alcott won for Best Cinematography.
"Barry Lyndon" was also nominated for Best Film, Art Direction, and Costume Design.
The subunit protein of microfilaments is a small, monomeric protein called actin.
Flagella are organelles for cellular mobility.
The new polypeptide then folds into a functional three-dimensional protein molecule.
Benny is turned but Pike is saved by Merrick.
After overpowering the vampires, she confronts Lothos inside the school and kills Amilyn.
Lothos leaves, saying that Buffy is not ready.
It entails the use of a currency unit called a "trade-credit".
They are also the basis for more recent barter exchange systems.
All of these strategies are found in ancient economies including Ptolemaic Egypt.
Morisot's works are almost always small in scale.
Morisot was born in Bourges, France, into an affluent bourgeois family.
It's annoying that they are not men.
The student briefly became a focus of intense national attention.
The administration forced the student council to institute a dress code.
It takes place the- night before finals begin every semester.
He later founded the Abbey of Monte Cassino.
In many monasteries it eventually entirely displaced the earlier codes.
They were soon followed by Swiss sisters.
His army was considered one of the best in the Islamic world.
Finally, Bayezid occupied Elbistan and Malatya.
Bayezid built the magnificent Ulu Cami in Bursa, to celebrate this victory.
He sent out proclamations throughout the empire that the refugees were to be welcomed.
He was buried next to the Bayezid Mosque in Istanbul.
Both feet are parallel, and the right heel is off the ground.
Rearward motion involves lifting the rear leg and pushing with the lead leg.
The key to a swarmer is aggression, endurance, chin, and bobbing-and-weaving.
Australia is one of the countries where there is a large South Asian Diaspora.
Bollywood plots have tended to be melodramatic.
Advertisers say that a star endorsement boosts sales.
Bowls are played by the blind and paraplegic.
Provincial or national colours are often assigned in national and international competitions.
They have unique symbol markings engraved on them for identification.
The town is characterised by low population density.
The town remained the site of a "viguerie" until the French Revolution.
The followers of such divisions are regarded as Covenant-breakers and shunned, essentially excommunicated.
He also mentions that the Goths had previously defeated the Burgundians.
This new emperor proved unhelpful to Ricimer and the Burgundians.
Among them were the Alans, Vandals, the Suevi, and possibly some Burgundians.
Players take turns cutting a string.
The winner is the player with the most points.
The winner is the player who pockets the most coins.
When Winston Smith is later arrested, O'Brien repeats that Big Brother will never die.
When Winston asks Does Big Brother exist the same way I do?
There are numerous variations of binary search.
Sorting the array also enables efficient approximate matches and other operations.
This results in a faster comparison loop, but requires one more iteration on average.
The album was warmly received and is credited with restoring the band's "indie cred".
She later collaborated with singer Mark Lanegan on three albums.
Another implementation is possible with Linux and iptables.
This reduces unnecessary traffic and collisions.
Nominally, only broadcast frames will be received by all other nodes.
The company began operations in an idle Cessna factory.
Textron has kept both the Beechcraft and Cessna names as separate brands.
Beech Factory Airport house Beechcraft's head office, manufacturing facility, and runway for test flights.
The high casualty rate exceeded all other amphibious operations during the Pacific War.
MacArthur's strategy was chosen.
Cave entrances were built slanted as a defense against grenade and flamethrower attacks.
The response by the "Wehrmacht" was both chaotic and indecisive.
Four Soviet armies were deployed against the remaining northern pocket.
The battle lasted five months, one week, and three days.
The "Xisui Jing" has been lost.
Traditionally Bodhidharma is credited as founder of the martial arts at the Shaolin Temple.
Conversely, the Japanese tradition generally regards Bodhidharma as Persian.
It allows for one to infer a biconditional from two conditional statements.
The rule makes it possible to introduce a biconditional statement into a logical proof.
Biconditional introduction is the converse of biconditional elimination.
It allows for one to infer a conditional from a biconditional.
Some new base pairs have been reported.
Hydrogen bonding is the chemical interaction that underlies the base-pairing rules described above.
Most intercalators are large polyaromatic compounds and are known or suspected carcinogens.
Enraged fans repeatedly chanted an obscenity at this penalty.
By far the team's biggest rival is the Pittsburgh Steelers.
They helped campaign for football to return to Baltimore after the Colts moved.
Griffin described the results as "disastrous".
Under Tyndall, the party operated with a skeleton organisation.
This idea, adopted from Powellism, was deemed more electorally palatable.
This centre was razed during the Batavian Revolt.
The Roman army retaliated and invaded the "insula Batavorum".
However, a disadvantage of this historical nationalism soon became apparent.
Orthodox likewise believe that baptism removes what they call the ancestral sin of Adam.
They believed what was important was spiritual grace itself.
Authority is passed down through a form of apostolic succession.
Bocce is traditionally played on natural soil and asphalt courts in length and wide.
At that point, the other side bowls its remaining balls.
Essentially, the technique he originated hasn't changed since.
The people themselves would do likewise.
Rituals were performed to protect the cattle, crops and people, and to encourage growth.
Some of the mixture was poured on the ground as a libation.
There has been no corroboration of this.
There are over thirty hotels in Bethlehem.
Bethlehem embroidery was renowned for its strong overall effect of colors and metallic brilliance.
He was the progenitor of the Israelite Tribe of Benjamin.
This caused Joseph to recant and reveal his identity.
Some classical rabbinical sources argue that Joseph identified himself for other reasons.
"It just wasn't right, so I left", Iommi said.
It was like 'Rehearse today?
They also play an annual preseason game against the Detroit Lions.
Both the blue and white jerseys featured red side panels.
Ferguson said Everyone we played had white helmets at that time.
Swiss engineer Christian Menn took over the design of the bridge.
They seized evidence that Aggregate delivered concrete that did not meet contract specifications.
This was the largest tunneling project undertaken beneath railway lines anywhere in the world.
The Septuagint gives an additional five generations in the genealogy of Anani.
He was well read, a skilled editor, and a sophisticated theologian.
Despite much discussion of this issue, no agreement has been reached.
Broadly speaking, nodes with children are harder to delete.
Traversal can also be implemented iteratively.
Insertion on internal nodes is slightly more complex than on leaf nodes.
There are a variety of different operations that can be performed on binary trees.
No space is wasted because nodes are added in breadth-first order.
Some authors require additional restrictions on the measure, as described below.
It is used as a method for proving joint convergence results.
Robinson jokingly remarked that Hugh Laurie's success on "House" may make that difficult.
It looked great, but it wasn't as consistently funny as we would have liked.
He also played a decidedly Flashheart-like Robin Hood in "Back and Forth".
Backgammon is sometimes available in casinos.
He describes an encounter between Burzoe and a Raja visiting from India.
Enthusiasts have formed clubs for social play of backgammon.
The Deuteronomistic history draws parallels in proper leadership between Moses, Joshua and Josiah.
The covenant-renewal ceremony led by Joshua was the prerogative of the kings of Judah.
The Book of Joshua is an anonymous work.
Although the content is substantially the same, the verses are numbered differently from Ezra.
A goat with a single horn appears from the west and destroys the ram.
In the second year of his reign Nebuchadnezzar has a dream.
Darius elevates Daniel to high office, exciting the jealousy of other officials.
The film also won the Academy Award for Best Art Direction.
The storyline ends with Batman and the Joker's supposed deaths.
The story shows Selina saving Bruce from Poison Ivy.
Frazee moved Ruth to stabilize Red Sox finances and cut distractions.
A week later, manager Joe Kerrigan was fired and was replaced by Grady Little.
But it happened in Boston and the nightly news had its hook.
The Why Not?
Pitching coach Ray Miller replaced Johnson.
The original homeland of the Bastarnae remains uncertain.
Crassus now turned his attention to the Moesi, his prime target.
The Slavic influx was divided into two or three waves.
The manorial system sharply declined, as it did in Bavaria.
Klement Gottwald, the communist leader, became Prime Minister of a coalition government.
This extension would eventually be renamed the Egton Wing, and then the Peel Wing.
Adele Roberts also joined the weekday schedule line-up, hosting the Early Breakfast show.
Dan Howell and Phil Lester, famous YouTubers also joined the station.
It launched with an updated brand.
Usage of these boxes dwindled further as technology developed.
Originally only Radiotext was available.
A backplane uses plug-in cards for storage and processing.
Backplanes are commonly found in disk enclosures, disk arrays, and servers.
Any desired arbitration logic is placed on the daughter cards.
The baldric appears in the literary canon.
The early Islamic Arabs wore baldrics with their armor.
Many non-military or paramilitary organisations include baldrics as part of ceremonial dress.
The battalion had no reserves and was unable to close the gap.
Returning boomerangs fly and are examples of the earliest heavier-than-air man-made flight.
It is well known as a weapon used by Indigenous Australians for hunting.
An important distinction should be made between returning boomerangs and non-returning boomerangs.
Sesame oil is often used, which can cause allergic reactions such as vasculitis.
The larger the calorie deficit, the faster one will lose weight.
It was held at the Royal Albert Hall in London.
Health care providers and public health officers are among the first lines of defense.
Thus only the target might be affected adversely.
Further editing probably continued into the Hellenistic era.
His task is to rebuild the walls and to re-populate the city.
The capital of the empire is at Susa.
Likewise, Jeremiah's exclamation For I hear the whispering of many: Terror is all around!
The Book of Jeremiah grew over a long period of time.
Jeremiah's "confessions" are a type of individual lament.
Deutero-Isaiah addresses himself to the Jews in exile, offering them the hope of return.
This background forms the context of Trito-Isaiah.
Matrix multiplication is an example.
It generalizes to "n"-ary functions, where the proper term is "multilinear".
He suffered a pulmonary hemorrhage and died on the way to the hospital.
He was buried in Glen Oaks Cemetery, in Glendale, Wisconsin.
He wrote an autobiography "Beating the Field: My Own Story" co-written with Brian Scovell.
As the batsman started to walk back, captain Rahul Dravid declared the innings.
Lara holds several world records for high scoring.
Regular exercise helps ward off the weight gain to which the breed is prone.
Most dogs are bred specifically for this purpose, by companies such as Harlan.
Snoopy of the comic strip "Peanuts" has been called "the world's most famous beagle".
The boiling causes the leather to become harder but also more brittle.
Cuir bouilli has also been employed to bind books.
If it has been altered, the program exits with a segmentation fault.
Three such systems are Libsafe, and the "StackGuard" and "ProPolice" gcc patches.
Bonds endured a knee injury, multiple surgeries, and rehabilitation.
Selig called Bonds later that night to congratulate him on breaking the record.
Barry accompanied him to San Mateo County Superior Court.
The name of the book comes from the two censuses taken of the Israelites.
Preparations are then made for resuming the march to the Promised Land.
The land shall be divided by lot.
After a period of peace, the cycle recurs.
Saul's son and heir Jonathan befriends David and recognises him as rightful king.
For the remainder of his reign there are problems.
Some Bibles still preserve the old denomination, for example, Douay Rheims bible.
Possible allusions are described as mere echoes of their putative sources.
The victory would be achieved through Jesus Christ.
The other enemy he styled "vulgarity" and that was what he found in Revelation.
Solomon comes to the throne after David's death.
At the end, however, he follows other gods and oppresses Israel.
It is named after its central figure, Ruth the Moabitess, the great-grandmother of David.
This relative was called the go'el, the "kinsman-redeemer".
Others again have seen it as a book that champions outcast and oppressed peoples.
The numbering system for the additions differs with each translation.
She finds favour in the King's eyes, and is crowned his new queen.
There are certain elements of the book of Esther that are historically accurate.
Blackpool has the one remaining traditional tram system.
The numbers are calculated from September to August.
Heavy rail underground technology is used in the London and Glasgow Underground systems.
The period of nationalisation saw sweeping changes in the national railway network.
The electric Liverpool Overhead Railway was also excluded from nationalisation.
Following sectorisation, InterCity became profitable.
The Eastern Orthodox Church reads from Job and Exodus during Holy Week.
Jewish interpretation of Job was initially positive.
Job, knowing he is innocent, concludes that God must be unjust.
The book is an anthology made up of six discrete units.
This section has parallels to prior cuneiform writings.
Lamentations consists of five distinct poems, corresponding to its five chapters.
The purpose or function of this form is unknown.
The book consists of five separate poems.
He appears to have spent the rest of his life in Mesopotamia.
The Greek version of these books is called the Septuagint.
This added a survivalist element to the show, increasing the potential for social tension.
On the other hand, some countries have multiple franchises based on language.
This was also done in Argentina's seventh season and Brazil's ninth season.
A new partly-artificial Desso pitch was laid and the current Dolman stand refurbished.
Swindon Town are seen by many as rivals, being nicknamed 'Swindle' by City fans.
Bill Gates has warned that bioterrorism could kill more people than nuclear war.
President Donald Trump promoted his first budget around keeping America safe.
Program costs rose throughout development.
The program was the subject of public controversy for its cost to American taxpayers.
The restored test aircraft is on display in the museum's "Cold War Gallery".
These scent mounts are established on the border of the territory.
They are dependent on them for food and for learning life skills.
Only a small amount of the lodge is actually used as a living area.
Bears' non-retractable claws are used for digging, climbing, tearing, and catching prey.
Predatory behaviour in bears is typically taught to the young by the mother.
During this time period, males try to prevent rivals from interacting with their mate.
They use their naturally molted feathers for religious and cultural ceremonies.
Today eagle-shooting is believed to be considerably reduced due to the species protected status.
Bald eagles are sexually mature at four or five years of age.
Brown bears are often not fully brown.
In Arctic areas, the potential habitat of the brown bear is increasing.
In conventional superconductors, an attraction is generally attributed to an electron-lattice interaction.
Within this potential, a variational ansatz for the wave function is proposed.
The contestant crossing the finish line first is the winner.
The modern biathlon is a civilian variant of the old military combined exercise.
The contestant with the shortest total time wins.
In more recent times, prepared frozen and tinned versions have become available.
While the band drove to the location, the producer set up a makeshift studio.
Fender Stratocasters were popular with country musicians; Holly chose it for its loud sound.
Fermentation tanks are typically made of stainless steel.
Most beer is fermented with a brewer's yeast and flavoured with hops.
One with loose holes, and the other with tight holes.
There is little evidence available from randomised studies to favour immediate or delayed reconstruction.
Similar provisions for coverage exist in most countries worldwide through national health care programs.
Breast reconstruction is a large undertaking that usually takes multiple operations.
These enzymes vary widely in their chemical structure and catalytic efficiencies.
Secularized and merged into Brandenburg.
Other people accompanying the jumper, such as ground crew, may also face charges.
The jumper may also not be facing the right direction.
The legal position is different at other sites and in other countries.
Beauty is studied as part of aesthetics, culture, social psychology, philosophy and sociology.
Standards of beauty have changed over time, based on changing cultural values.
On small timescales, inertial effects are prevalent in the Langevin equation.
Imagine this large balloon in a football stadium.
However the mathematical "Brownian motion" is exempt of such inertial effects.
Skateboarding and bicycling are also very popular in Barcelona.
Freight services operate to local industries and to the Port of Barcelona.
There are also many private schools, some of them Roman Catholic.
They are competing in the Russian second division.
China Bandy is mainly financed by private resources.
The referee alone signals the end of the match.
The novel would later receive critical acclaim, and is now considered Welsh's masterpiece.
The award has been criticised for the types of books it covers.
Judges are selected from amongst leading literary critics, writers, academics and leading public figures.
Other commentators, such as John Calvin, attach no great importance to the precise dating.
This allegorical interpretation was applied to the church by many church fathers.
See also works on the Minor Prophets as a whole.
Second, Hosea and his wife, Gomer, have a son.
Hosea's references to sexual acts being metaphors for Israelite 'apostasy'.
In this text, God's agony is expressed over the betrayal of Israel.
A sixth-century date for Obadiah is a "near consensus" position among scholars.
The date of composition must therefore be determined based on the prophecy itself.
While Jonah flees, God pursues.
Finally, Jesus compares his generation to the people of Nineveh.
Islam also tells the story of the Prophet Jonah in the Koran.
Little is known about Nahum's personal history.
He was a very nationalistic Hebrew, and lived amongst the Elkoshites in peace.
Massive walls were eight miles in circumference.
It is a short book, consisting of only two chapters.
The Book of Haggai is named after its presumed author, the prophet Haggai.
There is no biographical information given about the prophet in the Book of Haggai.
This request offers the opportunity for the people to amend their ways.
Thus, there is substantial debate regarding the identity of the book's author.
Although the Ezra theory is disputed, it remains the dominant authorship theory.
The name "Zechariah" means "God remembered.
Some scholars accept the book as the writings of one individual.
He will save them from their enemies and cleanse them from sin.
All that is known of Zephaniah comes from the text.
The day of the Lord tradition also appears in Isaiah, Ezekiel, Obadiah, and Joel.
The book begins by describing Yahweh's judgement.
God explains that He will also judge the Chaldeans, and much more harshly.
I cry out to you "Violence!" and will you not save?
I will be joyful in the God of my salvation!
Without the requirement for backward compatibility, a simpler method could have been chosen.
Opines are used by the bacteria as sources of nitrogen and energy.
The genetic information transferred is often beneficial to the recipient.
The genes that were transferred were then investigated.
The breeding period is highly seasonal, with eggs being recorded between October and March.
There is a strict hierarchy in groups, with the larger adult males being dominant.
After the dance, mating commences in around two weeks.
He began spreading rumors that he would be reappointed General Secretary.
Kryuchkov, concluding that he could not persuade Karmal to resign, left the meeting.
The Parchamites were urban, richer, and spoke Dari more often than not.
Huayan metaphysics is influenced by Yogacara thought and is closer to idealism.
This shows that a virtuous and appropriate use of dialectics can take place.
It's the same thing as the antique furniture.
That's what creeps me out.
The characters of "The Big O" fit the "noir" and pulp fiction archetypes.
Each came with non-poseable figures of Roger, Dorothy and Angel.
"The Big O" was conceived as a media franchise.
Mebromi installs a rootkit which infects the master boot record.
The actual key depends on specific hardware.
Anyone who could switch on the computer could boot it.
Magnons, electron spin waves, can be controlled by a magnetic field.
In this limit, the gas is classical.
It is the work of Ken Thompson with Dennis Ritchie.
These innovations were not in the earliest versions of B.
B is typeless, or more precisely has one data type: the computer word.
If the radiation is especially intense, nonlinear optical processes can also cause variances.
In this case, there is scattering of radiation as well as absorption.
In such cases it is necessary to apply the Transfer-matrix method.
Wilson began a brief "Pet Sounds" tour with Jardine later that year.
My voice has a kind of calm sound.
It was Annie who later suggested that these letters might make good children's books.
Heelis and Son, a local firm of solicitors with offices in nearby Hawkshead.
All her farms were stocked with Herdwick sheep and frequently with Galloway cattle.
The policies of the New Liberalism are now known as social liberalism.
The New Liberals included intellectuals like L. T. Hobhouse, and John A. Hobson.
Other issues of the period included women's suffrage and the Irish Home Rule movement.
The Bank's Monetary Policy Committee has a devolved responsibility for managing monetary policy.
The busy road junction outside is known as Bank junction.
It also manages the country's foreign exchange and gold reserves.
It was also used for patriotic wartime jewelry.
Baekeland's innovative step was to put his "last condensation product" into an egg-shaped "Bakelizer".
The article emphasized that Bakelite came in various forms.
This was long before the New World genus "Phaseolus" was known in Europe.
Soluble fiber can help lower blood cholesterol.
They are distributed throughout the body of the breast.
In the United States, women who breast-feed in public can receive negative attention.
Beyond the outer wall was a water-filled moat.
The name of the town Baghdati in Georgia shares the same etymological origins.
The canals and dykes forming the city's irrigation system were also destroyed.
Branch of biology - subdiscipline of biology, also referred to as a biological science.
Note that biology and all of its branches are also life sciences.
It is part of the British Imperial system of units.
Chemical bond energies are often given in calories per mole of substance.
Because of this ambiguity, some authors have deprecated the use of the unit Btu.
Today, the name is owned by German automobile manufacturing group Volkswagen.
According to Bugatti, "weight was the enemy".
Bugatti's liquidators sold Lotus Cars to Proton of Malaysia.
Renewed religious fervour and fanaticism bloomed in the wake of the Black Death.
Estimates of plague victims are usually extrapolated from figures from the clergy.
The plague bacterium could develop drug resistance and again become a major health threat.
Biotechnology has also enabled emerging therapeutics like gene therapy.
These have been engineered for resistance to pathogens and herbicides and better nutrient profiles.
These accounts contributed to Darwin's theory of natural selection.
Later, the Dauphin Charles offered to open negotiations, and Edward agreed.
The king handed him his right gauntlet, saying; "I yield me to you".
Where is my cousin the Prince of Wales?
The calves grow rapidly and can soon accompany their mothers in the nursery herds.
All bongos in captivity are from the isolated Aberdare Mountains of central Kenya.
Initial reports suggested that it was the skull of something unknown to science.
It inhabits the Murray; but ... they have some difficulty describing it.
Its most usual form ... is said to be that of an enormous starfish.
The city council consists of five members.
His "Hollywood Star" stands on a pedestal on King Street in downtown Boone.
Samaritan's Purse is based in Boone.
In Welsh folklore, a similar creature is known as the hag of the mist.
She also predicts death.
Hence why a banshee is also known as a wailing woman.
The insect stops eating within a few hours and eventually starves.
Monsanto has claimed it will not pursue farmers who retain seeds of off-patent varieties.
The Bt protein is expressed throughout the plant.
Nowadays and in isolation, practice of body substance isolation has just historical significance.
It was a part of the National Standards Curriculum for Prehospital Providers and Firefighters.
No historical records tell us what had happened to Boudica's two daughters.
However, when he died, his will was ignored, and the kingdom was annexed.
Boudica exhorted her troops from her chariot, her daughters beside her.
The Malaysian states of Sabah and Sarawak are both top exporters of timber.
To the south and east are islands of Indonesia: Java and Sulawesi, respectively.
Half of the annual global tropical timber acquisition comes from Borneo.
Loud's pen had a small rotating steel ball, held in place by a socket.
Bic pens struggled until the company launched its Writes The First Time, Every Time!
Though these pens are equipped with erasers, any eraser will suffice.
The company's history paralleled many of the major developments in computing.
At the same time, Burroughs was very much a competitor.
Later, Burroughs was selling more than adding machines, including typewriters.
Some models have very high thermal insulation properties, making them suitable for zero-energy buildings.
In Northwest Europe, bricks have been used in construction for centuries.
Each type is manufactured differently.
Additionally, there is some chamber music for strings.
He then did move out into a room in their pool house.
However this rumor was quickly debunked by Hanks.
"There were days we never saw him," said his daughter Martha Maria.
This species should, however, be the only ground-dwelling species in the aviary.
Plant sources include grass seeds, wild berries, partridge peas, and cultivated grains.
The Central American spot-bellied bobwhite looks very similar, but lacks black facial coloration.
Lithium reduces the risk of suicide, self-harm, and death in people with bipolar disorder.
Some studies have found a significant association between bipolar disorder and creativity.
Bipolar disorder can cause suicidal ideation that leads to suicidal attempts.
In his career, Lancaster produced twenty-three films, directed two and wrote for one.
He even helped to finance movies in whose artistic value he believed.
However, he still managed to continue acting.
They spoke an exclusive dialect, Baltic German.
It is more distantly related to the surviving Eastern Baltic languages, Lithuanian and Latvian.
The "character" switch or menu item turns this behaviour on or off.
This output typically is semi-transparent and may include other tape information.
It can also be used to denote abstract vectors and linear functionals in mathematics.
This is because of literal symbolic substitutions.
Many phenomena that are explained using quantum mechanics are usually explained using bra-ket notation.
Blue dye was also used to colour the cloth in which mummies were wrapped.
Blue became a colour worn by domestics and artisans, not just nobles.
A team from Toronto, Ontario, are the Blue Jays.
Unlike his contemporaries, he came to use twelve-string guitars exclusively.
Zion Baptist Church in Atlanta.
He learned to play the guitar in his early teens.
Some authors call this "internal coming-out".
Terminology for roles varies widely among the subcultures.
Elements of Bash derive from the Bourne shell and csh.
The text "Running" and "Stopped" refer to the Process state.
The last string is the command that started the process.
In a true whiteout there is no visible horizon.
It gets its name from the direction the wind is coming from.
It is unique for its intensity, massive size and wide-reaching effect.
Olympic gold medal winner Kerry Walsh said, I love our uniforms.
He sliced the top off Heim's bottoms.
However, the trend has raised some criticism as an attempt to sell sex.
Samarkand, his lifelong obsession, was lost again.
Babur wrote, During my stay in Tashkent, I endured much poverty and humiliation.
The movement found an ardent and powerful advocate in Peter Abelard.
Gerard of Clairvaux, Bernard's older brother, became the cellarer of Citeaux.
He also silenced the final supporters who sustained the schism.
Along or near it are many of the most important government buildings and universities.
The westernmost section of the avenue is known as Deng Xiaoping Avenue.
"Braveheart" met with generally positive reviews.
In defending his script, Randall Wallace has said, Is Blind Harry true?
I don't know.
About this time he also began to write science fiction for various magazines.
After the war, he worked as a bookseller in Oxford.
In Britain, the first official news came from German wireless broadcasts.
The Kaiser announced a new chapter in world history.
Most of the British losses in tonnage occurred in Beatty's force.
"Sabali" is a Bambara word that means patience.
Bambara is spoken throughout Mali as a lingua franca.
Western-style clubs target younger, more energetic crowds.
There are some other faiths practiced among the different ethnic groups within the country.
It is still operating keeping its ancient atmosphere.
He states that a balalaika was made by peasants out of a pumpkin.
There have also been "descant" and "tenor" balalaikas, but these are considered obsolete.
Andreyev patented the design and arranged numerous traditional Russian folk melodies for the orchestra.
It is covered with glass curtain walls.
However, firm evidence of his marriage and children has not been found.
Jefferson's "old-fashioned" sound and confident musicianship made it easy to market him.
This was a common compensation for recording rights in that market.
In recent years, there have been changes in how the baku is depicted.
Governor Spotswood used a portion of this to pay for the entire operation.
The two sloops moved slowly, giving Brand's force time to reach Bath.
Badly wounded, he was then attacked and killed by several more of Maynard's crew.
It is also self-hosting.
"Zarro Boogs" is a meta-statement about the nature of software debugging.
Bug tracking systems like Bugzilla readily describe how many "known" bugs are outstanding.
The songs tell personal stories of life in the wide open country of Australia.
The most famous blues ballads include those about John Henry and Casey Jones.
Many were sold by travelling chapmen in city streets or at fairs.
They were among the first acts to use lasers in performance.
Since the attacks, the damage has been repaired.
By the end of the decade, nearly the entire landfill had been developed.
The building's original developer was Olympia and York of Toronto, Ontario.
The discharge is often white or gray in color.
It is unclear if the use of probiotics or antibiotics affects pregnancy outcomes.
It also increases the risk of early delivery among pregnant women.
Can I say it any clearer than that?
One of the reporters then resumed filming and Rogers knocked him down again.
Much controversy surrounded Selig and his involvement in Bonds' all-time home run record chase.
Towards the end of the summer, for the reproductive season, the sexes necessarily commingle.
Lower-quality cuts suitable for hamburger and hot dogs have been described as "almost nonexistent".
Due to their size, bison have few predators.
The rules for classification are defined by the Particle Data Group.
Baryons, along with mesons, are hadrons, meaning they are particles composed of quarks.
The process by which baryons came to outnumber their antiparticles is called baryogenesis.
Some high-end embossers are capable of printing on normal paper.
Embossers can be either one-sided or two-sided.
Hence large publishers do not generally use thermoforms.
Greg Stafford and Lynn Willis are credited as the authors.
"Superworld", a superhero-themed game, began as a portion of the "Worlds of Wonder" set.
A quickstart booklet for new players accompanied it.
The tweak, along with the key, selects the permutation computed by the cipher.
The rotational cryptanalysis technique attempts to attack such round functions.
The exact transformation is controlled using a second input - the secret key.
To cope with increased demand for wireless broadband, increased spectrum would be needed.
This led to strong objections from the broadcasting community.
A wireless connection can be either licensed or unlicensed.
He could outlast most of his opponents under the most grueling conditions.
Inviting his most senior officers to dinner, Bonaparte asked them how they were.
Hastily launching their boats, they returned to their vessels.
Nelson collapsed into the arms of Captain Edward Berry and was carried below.
Barnabas is not mentioned again in the Acts of the Apostles.
Barnabas followed his example.
Saint Barnabas is venerated as the Patron Saint of Cyprus.
Sources are mainly archaeological remains.
The reasons for Birka's decline are disputed.
Adam himself never visited Birka.
Enzymes of both the families, nevertheless, are similar.
The other three groups are serine enzymes that show little homology to each other.
CcrA was known before imipenem was introduced, and producers have shown little subsequent increase.
His government was recognized by many countries, as well as the United Nations.
Four other members of Afghanistan's High Peace Council were also killed in the blast.
Although technical problems occurred, they were relatively minor and quickly solved.
All three of the airframe proposals shared a number of features.
Passenger, freighter and combination passenger-freighter versions of the were produced.
Henry the Fifth led his troops into battle and participated in hand-to-hand fighting.
Other benefits to the English were longer term.
The battle remains an important symbol in popular culture.
Ancient empires valued luxury goods in contrast to staple foods, leading to famine.
It was Egypt's most prosperous time and marked the peak of Egypt's power.
The rich Wessex culture developed in southern Britain at this time.
Spencer Kelly presents the technology news programme "Click".
Declan Curry presented "Your Money", a weekly round-up on a Saturday morning.
"Sunday Morning Live" and alternate programming now fill this slot.
The show was set in an international space station in the near future.
A video message from Tim Brooke-Taylor and Graeme Garden was shown during the performances.
He then studied English Literature at Pembroke College, University of Cambridge.
In Yonkers, Broadway passes historic Philipse Manor house, which dates back to colonial America.
On the next block is the Manhattan School of Music.
Walker, the first African-American millionaire, is along the highway here.
This is called pre-warping the filter design.
This is a modified version of Tustin's transform shown above.
The show features Boitano preparing meals for his friends.
Boitano returned to the professional ranks afterwards.
Boitano also appeared in "Carmen on Ice", for which he won an Emmy.
About a half of job cuts will be done in railway technology unit.
Bombardier also manufactures the Global Express and the Challenger business jet.
He worked alongside his eldest son Germain, who shared his father's mechanical talents.
It can be used to pause some computer games.
In most Windows environments, the key combination brings up the system properties.
The resulting noise got the sending operator's attention.
Axle to spring connection was again with fitted roller bearings.
However, now two coil springs rather than one were fitted per wheel.
The axle boxes had a cast-steel equaliser beam or bar resting on them.
Only one steel company, Richard Thomas and Baldwins, remained in public ownership throughout.
Other traditional steelmaking areas faced cutbacks.
During the strike the "Battle of Orgreave" took place at British Steel's coking plant.
These companies were merged and rebranded as British Telecom.
It also acquired the second largest telecoms operator in the Italian business market, Albacom.
At the time, this was the largest share issue in the world.
A tower house was built on the estate by the Gordons.
The royal couple took great interest in their staff.
Victoria Eugenie would become the queen of Spain.
They have gained fame owing to their high level of results in school exams.
Percentage of pupils in bilingual education per department.
Some original media are created in Breton.
Often they are at key strategic points.
Brochs are often referred to as "duns" in the west.
A precise definition for the word has proved elusive.
Crystal returned to New York City.
For four years he was part of a comedy trio with two friends.
Crystal has participated in the Simon Wiesenthal Center Museum of Tolerance in Los Angeles.
This is supported by numerical simulations.
However, it has never been directly observed for a black hole.
In both cases, the singular region has zero volume.
Most naturally occurring nuclides on earth are beta stable.
"Ordinary" double beta decay results in the emission of two electrons and two antineutrinos.
Adam Tooze wrote that the German economy was being prepared for a long war.
The Germans followed their initial success with Operation Red, a triple-pronged offensive.
In Operation Dynamo some French and British troops escaped.
Following the retirement of Kerr, Digby took over as Editor-in-Chief of both titles.
There were events for children throughout August.
The website address was looped inside the "O".
Bees navigate using spatial memory with a "rich, map-like organization".
Some solitary bees have advanced types of pollen-carrying structures on their bodies.
Apart from honey and pollination, honey bees produce beeswax, royal jelly and propolis.
In this sense, Christianity arrived "early".
They typically related to a geographical orientation or other locally meaningful identifying features.
Bookkeeping is usually performed by a bookkeeper.
In its simplest form, this is a three-column list.
The purpose was to document daily transactions including receipts and expenditures.
However, there are heuristic methods that usually give an adequate approximation for practical purposes.
The "smooth curve" feature of charts in Microsoft Excel also uses this algorithm.
Higher degree curves are more computationally expensive to evaluate.
However, this is not the case all the time.
The binomial theorem also holds for two commuting elements of a Banach algebra.
I can't stand poetry.
At the time, Pasternak had also been regularly attending Russian Orthodox Divine Liturgy.
Several of Pasternak's characters are composites.
Therefore, any integer linear combination of binomial coefficient polynomials is integer-valued too.
Roundoff error may cause the returned value to not be an integer.
Continuing this way we can see that the equation above holds.
They have two daughters, Chandler and Haviland.
The family lives in the Atlanta area.
She is currently an assistant professor in literacy education at Georgia State University.
Campbell's next book, Make Love!
He has an older brother, Don, and an older half-brother, Michael Rendine.
He is of Scottish descent.
Boy bands are similar in concept to their counterparts, girl groups.
It paved the way for more Asian boy bands such as Arashi.
The key factor of a boy band is being trendy.
There are two popular strategies for deletion from a B-tree.
Likewise, the smallest element in the right subtree is still greater than the separator.
The term leaf is also inconsistent.
In spite of dirt and disruption the collections grew, outpacing the new building.
Profits from their sales goes to support the British Museum.
Another often overlooked highlight is Yemeni antiquities, the finest collection outside that country.
The theorem is true even more generally: alternativity suffices in place of associativity.
For other values of "r", the series typically has infinitely many nonzero terms.
Induction yields another proof of the binomial theorem.
In recent years, retailers have expanded deals to "Boxing Week".
In Canada, Boxing Day is a federal statutory holiday.
This practice has also been followed for decades in Guyana and Italy.
One of the world's largest ship breaking yards is located on the coast.
Other hot areas include Turbat and Dalbandin.
In the Lasbela District, the majority of the population speaks Lasi.
Unable to make bail, he escaped from jail once, but was returned to custody.
The following day, they had Tweed arrested.
Son of a third-generation Scots-Irish chair-maker, Tweed grew up on Cherry Street.
There was an immediate two-thirds reduction in street and window prostitution.
It is also home to diverse communities from across the Commonwealth.
This was opposed by residents and a local police inspector.
It is now known as Bunge Limited.
This was subsequently exposed as a hoax.
It has remained popular since then.
Citi Field now uses a new apple, one that is much larger than original.
On his return to his company, he was promoted to Sergeant.
He continued working as a preacher and attended revival meetings frequently.
Colonel Conger asked who had shot Booth.
Various orthographies have been used to transcribe the Berber languages.
Berber is a member of the Afroasiatic language family.
In Algeria, for example, a majority of the population consists of Arabised Berbers.
Debtors may now retain occupational pensions while in bankruptcy, except in rare cases.
A. Richards, which was considered a standard work on semantics.
The Blissymbol method has been used in Canada, Sweden, and a few other countries.
It also helps when implementing Blissymbolics using technology such as computers.
The Bessel functions have the following asymptotic forms.
See also the subsection on Hankel functions below.
Depending upon the circumstances, however, various formulations of these solutions are convenient.
There are no important dialectical differences.
Nearly all live in Pakistan, mainly in the province of Balochistan.
It has been influenced by the Iranian languages spoken in the area, especially Balochi.
These three products all share a common ancestry and are currently under active development.
The record and its key can both be up to four gigabytes long.
That request led to the creation of Sleepycat Software.
It can achieve super linear speed-ups on important classes of problems.
This can be checked in linear time.
Different sets of allowed boolean operators lead to different problem versions.
The word "Bohemian" has never been widely used by the local Czech population.
Ethnic boundaries in Bohemia were not always sharp, and people very often were bilingual.
We did not live up to your expectations.
So it makes sense for them to want to be there.
However, Jones's move to Cleveland proved extraordinarily advantageous.
The countries continue to commemorate this occasion on Anzac Day.
Britain quickly invaded and occupied most of Germany's overseas colonies in Africa.
Nauru was made a combined mandate of Britain and the two Pacific Dominions.
Jon Peters wanted to use a Nike product placement with the Batsuit.
Nicholson had what was known as an "off-the-clock" agreement.
Michael Keaton is a guy with average build, he stated.
Jack LaLanne has a cameo as a man on a rooftop with bikini-clad women.
It is revealed the yacht was really a projection.
After Batman dislodges it with bat-shark repellent, the shark explodes.
Burton wanted to make sure that the penguins felt comfortable.
The Penguin holds court in a penguin-crowded, "Phantom of the Opera"-like sewer home.
Schumacher admitted he had difficulty working with Kilmer on "Forever".
The film was mostly shot at Warner Brothers Studios in Burbank, California.
The film stars Chris O'Donnell, Nicole Kidman, Tommy Lee Jones and Jim Carrey.
Bruce invites the orphaned Dick to stay at Wayne Manor.
Peter David and Alan Grant wrote separate novelizations of the film.
The movie premiered at Comic-Con, with a Catwoman short shown in October.
While leaving home, Gordon spots a motorcyclist enter his garage.
Bruce leaps over the railing and saves the baby.
Isolates can be nested, and may be placed within embeddings and overrides.
The weak directionality only applies to the placement of the number in its entirety.
It can itself be proved using mathematical induction, as shown below.
This generalization can be proved by comparing derivatives.
The class was an evolutionary development from the earlier of fleet ballistic missile submarine.
Having quieter machinery and other improvements, it is considered a separate class.
"Mariano G. Vallejo"'s sail is preserved at Mare Island, California, where she was built.
Several collections of the stories have been published as books.
The pairing was an overnight success.
At about the age of four he contracted polio, which incapacitated his leg.
Surgery funded by the March of Dimes enabled McGhee to walk.
These organizations are also commonly referred to by their French initialisms.
The bridge was finally called Saint-Esprit.
Bayonne has few such industries, as indicated in the previous tables.
A dozen bullfights are held each year, attracting the biggest names in bullfighting.
The success of the series spawned several sequel series.
The main antagonist is Genom, a megacorporation with immense power and global influence.
This idea then became the basis for Tenchi.
Legally the definition varied from state to state.
Male slaves were castrated in order to serve as harem guards.
During the apartheid era, those classed as "Coloured" were oppressed and discriminated against.
Unfortunately, his references are scattered and brief.
Aerosolized pneumonic plague remains the most significant threat.
Samuel K. Cohn has made a comprehensive attempt to rebut the bubonic plague theory.
The desired letters or figures characters are then typed.
According to some sources, the Null code point was reserved for country-internal usage only.
It can be swallowed without harm and is noncarcinogenic.
It is non-soluble and is denser than water.
The spelling now used is without the hyphen.
"B. subtilis" has proved a valuable model for research.
Colonies are usually large, spreading, and irregularly shaped.
Several studies have tried to reconstruct the phylogeny of the genus.
Like most Brazilian cities, Brasilia has a good network of taxi companies.
The bill was not enacted because Pedro I dissolved the Assembly.
South Africa was no longer a member of the Commonwealth.
Using Blue Streak as an additional stage would have increased Black Arrow's payload capacity.
Several different third stages would be available, depending on the required payload and orbit.
It aroused vitriolic comments from Nigerian officials and the Nigerian media alike.
Bakassian leaders threatened to seek independence if Nigeria renounced sovereignty.
Essien Ekpeyong Ayi of the People's Democratic Party.
Bestiaries were organized in different ways based upon the text.
However, the texts gave no distinction between existing and imaginary animals.
The Italian artist Leonardo da Vinci also made his own bestiary.
The single sold more than nine million copies; the album, more than two million.
Barry Sadler, beginning when he was training to be a Special Forces medic.
See the article on English country dance for more information.
The standard modern introduction is Hilton.
This production propelled the career of William Christie and his ensemble Les Arts Florissants.
A fully fenced yard is a necessity for maintaining any sighthound.
The borzoi is a quiet, but athletic and independent dog.
Correct nutrition during puppyhood is also debatable for borzois.
An article published called The Intelligence of Dogs by Stanley Coren, Ph.D. questions this.
A Basenji's eyes are typically almond-shaped.
The Basenji tends to become emotionally attached to a single human.
Rabbi Tendler recommends the use of an analgesic cream.
The practice has become a controversy in both secular and Jewish medical ethics.
A common approach to remedying discrimination is affirmative action.
Law is retroactive.
Such an argument would be completely circular.
Each Sector Board in turn constitutes several Technical Committees.
It is mainly applicable to safety and quality management standards.
Because of their reference material status standards are not available for interlibrary loan.
Building societies offer banking and related financial services, especially savings and mortgage lending.
Building societies converting to banks are no longer required to demutualise.
Members' mutual rights were exchanged for shares in this new company.
Elliots guidance system was plagued by accuracy problems delaying test flights.
Blue Steel required up to seven hours of launch preparation, and was highly unreliable.
The missile was fitted with a state-of-the-art inertial navigation unit.
The events at Waco spurred criminal prosecution and civil litigation.
Koresh had an affair with the then-prophetess of the Branch Davidians Lois Roden.
However, George Roden and Koresh began to clash.
Rooms in the Lower Houses are more expensive, however.
The building is an extravagant Neo-Gothic work with turrets, gargoyles, and battlements.
The lower houses have only been partially upgraded.
Benzodiazepines are commonly misused and taken in combination with other drugs of abuse.
Benzodiazepines can be useful for short-term treatment of insomnia.
Taking benzodiazepines with alcohol, opioids and other central nervous system depressants potentiates their action.
A better measure was found to be the waist-to-height ratio.
A related indicator is waist circumference divided by height.
Because of this the standards have varied over the past few decades.
Diodorus also writes of "Bagistanon" and claims it was inscribed by Semiramis.
The supine figure is reputed to be the pretender Gaumata.
He went mad, threw his axe down the hill, kissed the ground and died.
He delivered a captivating acceptance speech.
Can you imagine that?
Because of President Johnson's popularity, Goldwater refrained from attacking the president directly.
Moments before "Baralong" began her attack, the submarine was firing on the freighter.
Unofficially, we are telling you... take no prisoners from U-boats.
He still had his life-jacket on and put up his arms in surrender.
He launched the prize partly as a means to promote Lulu.
He continues to serve on its board as Chairman.
He received a Bachelor of Arts from Victoria College at the University of Toronto.
They actually didn't go back and retransfer the shows.
Wars between separate alien civilizations are featured.
The question the Shadows ask is What do you want?
It was first written to run on BeBox hardware.
Nowadays TuneTracker has switched to Haiku.
Whittaker based his approach on theoretical assertions and empirical sampling.
However, in some contexts, the term biome is used in a different manner.
Both includes many biomes in fact.
Health behaviors are direct factors in maintaining a healthy lifestyle.
After this has been identified, the consumer will purchase the product.
There are two main theories to explain this.
And when Miltiades realized that, he attacked and thus won.
Among the dead were the war archon Callimachus and the general Stesilaos.
Economies such as Japan and Germany which have savings surpluses, typically run trade surpluses.
A higher savings rate generally corresponds to a trade surplus.
The two joined words are "bio" and "sphere".
Temperature increases with increasing depth into the Earth's crust.
Herbivorous animals at these elevations depend on lichens, grasses, and herbs.
Glycolipids provide the most extreme example of asymmetry in the lipid bilayer.
They play an important role in the immune response and protection.
Most organelles are defined by such membranes, and are called "membrane-bound" organelles.
It was first proposed by South African Prime Minister J.
B. M. Hertzog and Canada's Prime Minister at that time, William Lyon Mackenzie King.
Unlike the declaration itself, the Mandate was legally binding on the British Government.
The publication of the intent galvanized Zionism, which finally had obtained an official charter.
The British appointed Sykes as Chief Political Officer to the Egyptian Expeditionary Force.
The Serbian government was fairly well informed of Black Hand activities.
The charges were unrelated to the events of Sarajevo.
In response, Austria-Hungary recalled its ambassador.
These ex-officio members have all the same rights as the other board members.
Details on how they can be removed are usually provided in the bylaws.
Directorship is a part-time job.
Most of their available forces were allocated to these fronts.
Its main thrust was towards Shkodra, with secondary operations in the Novi Pazar area.
The Greek army was exhausted and faced logistical difficulties.
Genetic engineering techniques have found success in numerous applications.
The Polytechnique in Montreal is also offering a bachelors's degree in biomedical engineering.
The study of biomaterials is called biomaterials science or biomaterials engineering.
Albania on the other hand gravitated toward Communist China, later adopting an isolationist position.
A reverse name scheme has also been suggested.
Ensuing events also led to the creation of an independent Albanian state.
This was established empirically before Bohr presented his model.
There was no mention of it any place.
The great change came from Moseley.
Bombay Sapphire has been reviewed by several outside spirit ratings organizations to mixed success.
The brand started a series of design collaborations.
Wills himself largely sang blues and sentimental ballads.
The documentary will be titled Still the King.
Other films would follow.
The database does not reveal the actual passwords or keylogged data.
He remains one of the most popular public figures of Turkey.
However, this name was erased just before he attended the primary school.
In this period, his key visual and musical influence was Elvis Presley.
Since then, Blitz compilers have been released on several platforms.
Development continues to this day under the name AmiBlitz.
See below for the same example written in BlitzMax.
Being overly pragmatic or simply alphabetical, would be inadequate.
Much of the Bliss stacks remain, however, as no-one has re-cataloged the books.
The case was different, however, in Britain.
This is not true for alcohol, however.
This rate varies considerably between individuals.
The list below gives limits by country.
This means that solicitors are restricted from doing so.
Most applications after successful completion of the requirement, are accepted.
John Doe' for a medical doctor.
James J. Archer and Joseph R. Davis.
Ewell interpreted his orders as calling only for a cannonade.
Some preservation successes have emerged in recent years.
It is lagered with beechwood chips in the aging vessel.
Budweiser is licensed, produced and distributed in Canada by Labatt Breweries of Canada.
Budweiser is brewed using barley malt, rice, water, hops and yeast.
The flight never returned to base.
We don't know where we are, the water is green, no white.
There are obvious cognates in other Indo-European languages.
These Boroughs are divided in neighborhoods.
Other large cites are usually divided into districts, or stadsdelen, for census purposes.
There is an active running club: Bodmin RoadRunners.
Their home ground is at Priory Park.
Halgaver is in the parish of Lanhydrock.
It is in size, and dates from the Carboniferous period of geological history.
Granite quarrying only became reasonably productive when gunpowder became available.
To the south-east Kilmar Tor and Caradon Hill are the most prominent hills.
Farther from the university campus, the influence of the university quickly becomes less visible.
Soon afterwards, other developers also began building in Berkeley.
Some of the slide activity itself, however, results from movement on the Hayward Fault.
It is situated in Altarnun civil parish between Launceston and Bodmin.
It is now a tourist attraction in its own right and dominates the hamlet.
The region has a monsoon climate, which the Bengali calendar divides into six seasons.
The flat and fertile Bangladesh Plain dominates the geography of Bangladesh.
The region is the crossroads of Bengal and northeast India.
Thus, it is not your own train moving, but the neighboring train.
However, his real position was that motion is absolute.
All observers agree that the surface of rotating water is curved.
The text of this Psalter is that commonly known as the Gallican.
Neale and others.
Upon delivering a correct answer, the learner would be rewarded.
Many years later, Kenneth MacCorquodale's reply was endorsed by Skinner.
Skinner's behavioral theory was largely set forth in his first book, "Behavior of Organisms".
Macy portrayed a demon in a guest appearance on "Millennium".
He also appeared on the short-lived sitcom "Back to You".
Knight's coaching also included a firm emphasis on academics.
Knight was an innovator of the motion offense, which he perfected and popularized.
Knight's offense also emphasized a two-count.
Horde called its music "holy unblack metal" and Antestor preferred the term "sorrow metal".
They were often speed metal or thrash metal bands.
In Sweden, this included Marduk, Dissection, Nifelheim and Abruptum.
Mike Morhaime accepted the award.
He was one of the most important figures in the Counter-Reformation.
Bellarmine supported the reform decrees of the Council of Trent.
McMullin himself emphatically rejects that view as untenable.
The genre is further characterized by a number of formal, topical, and thematic features.
The genre translates fairly directly into cinematic form, the coming-of-age film.
The genre often features a main conflict between the main character and society.
Some Athenian laws were similar.
Over time, some punishments developed into no more than a teasing game.
Listed chronologically by date of birth.
The doses from the accidents at Mayak are unknown.
These radioactive particles are inhaled and remain lodged in the lungs, causing continued exposure.
This includes both offsite "natural background radiation" and any medical radiation doses.
Sometimes, however, his motives are unclear, and some critics question his purity.
Banquo's role in the coup that follows the murder is harder to explain.
Many scholars see Banquo as a foil and a contrast to Macbeth.
The table below illustrates the different names for equivalent units.
The British Army historically included many units from what are now separate Commonwealth "realms".
Colonial Militias defended colonies single-handedly at first against Indigenous peoples and European competitors.
Each of these methods has been useful in Bayesian practice.
The quest for "the universal method for constructing priors" continues to attract statistical theorists.
He subsequently became sole proprietor of the Eagles, but the franchise suffered financially.
Thereafter, Bell regularly engaged in football games with childhood friends.
Bell became the Steelers head coach and Rooney became the general manager.
Costas once appeared on the television program, "NewsRadio", as himself.
That doesn't mean repeal the Second Amendment.
It means sensible and more comprehensive gun control legislation.
These five parties achieved the number of councillors necessary to form a parliamentary group.
Local public transport within Bamberg relies exclusively on buses.
This society still maintains the whole property today.
The more he played it for comedy, the more Irwin Allen liked it.
The same year, Mumy starred as little Jackie in the episode Bang!
He was a minor official in the local courts.
The pink color of morganite is attributed to Mn ions.
The first commercially successful emerald synthesis process was that of Carroll Chatham.
The name originates from Goshen, Massachusetts, where it was originally discovered.
Trading firms are traditionally well represented in the Basel Region.
As rabbits, player characters are faced with dangers mirroring those in the real world.
'Who on earth would want to roleplay a rabbit?
He indicated that he hoped to one day work on the official supplement.
The advertisements have been cited as a favourite among Australia's youth.
The Big Bundy Bottle is also outside of the bondstore.
Bundaberg Rum has been distinguished with numerous awards.
The gully's top wall was the refuse pit for the now-disused summit observatory.
Its form has been extensively shaped by glaciation.
Often, individuals have had one or more major depressive episodes.
Drug screening includes recreational drugs, particularly synthetic cannabinoids, and exposure to toxins.
Some antidepressants, like venlafaxine, have been found to precipitate a manic episode.
The women in the family were exiled in Kingston, Jamaica.
This yeast gives Bacardi rum its flavour profile.
Miami citizens began a campaign to label the buildings as "historic".
Those who returned to civilian life sometimes had problems re-integrating.
The term can still stir bad reactions because of their remembered brutality.
His body was found in a bog in Barna a week later.
For any burner lamp, it was desirable to maximize the temperature and minimize luminosity.
Bunsen burners are now used in laboratories all around the world.
A Bunsen burner is also regularly used in microbiology labs to work sterile.
Whale-watching, principally blue whales, is also carried out south of Sri Lanka.
This racing behavior may even escalate to physical violence between the males.
The blue whale is the largest animal known to have ever lived.
Throughout the century, the Party adopted a number of different names.
This group became known as "ultimatists" and was generally allied with the recallists.
Piotr Dunin was wounded twice.
Fifty soldiers were captured.
During this fight Raveneck was wounded.
He had considerable personal and financial worries.
It can be done, you know.
He taught me everything about typography.
Blackridge lies in the municipalities of Wilkinsburg, Penn Hills and Churchill.
It maintains a Civic Association and a private park and swim club for residents.
This core is theoretically enough for everyday life.
Ogden's associate I.
A. Richards promoted its use in schools in China.
Triggers and throws permit speedy adjustment while playing.
Alternatives to brass include other alloys containing significant amounts of copper or silver.
A few specialty instruments are made from wood.
Massacres of Jews at London and York soon followed.
He urged people not to succumb to "myths" such as the blood libel.
Fifteen local Jews were sentenced to death and burned.
Professor Yaffle was created as the Bookend who had access to "facts".
The programmes were made using stop-frame animation.
They thought it was too frightening and asked for a non-human instead.
Some of these have been described informally above and many others are possible.
In everyday mathematics the best choice may be informal use of axiomatic set theory.
There is some confusion as to the nature of murmured phonation.
In that model, murmur is a compound phonation of approximately modal voice plus whisper.
Gujarati is unusual in contrasting murmured vowels and consonants: 'twelve', 'outside', 'burden'.
Felix was the series' only character to ever call Banacek by his first name.
Banacek's success as an investigator allowed him to live well.
The complication ended any chance of reviving "Banacek" during Peppard's lifetime.
They serve three to four years in the squadron.
My objective was to beat the Army Air Corps.
It is nearly identical to the current design.
He questions: How can a man re-enter his mother's womb?
The phrase consistently referred to baptism in the early Church.
It would be naive to think otherwise.
The new Soviet actions revealed that the military lacked capability outside these narrow confines.
This would also make any low-level penetration aircraft "visible" and easy to attack.
Future precision munitions include the Small Diameter Bomb.
It also used the Revised Common Lectionary.
Its use was destined for the universities.
Order One follows the pattern of modern liturgical scholarship.
Some ornamental bokken are decorated with mother-of-pearl work and elaborate carvings.
"Suburi", literally "bare swinging," are solo cutting exercises.
"Suburito" are "bokken" designed for use in "suburi".
Bob Maitland also had notable success by winning the Independent National Championship.
The combine was never adequately balanced or co-ordinated.
The riders also enjoyed success on the individual stages of the race.
Since its invention, Bovril has become an icon of British culture.
The brand is now owned by Unilever.
That's a rule of life.
These conversion formulas express an inverse relation between the Bernoulli and the Euler numbers.
A generalization of these congruences goes by the name of -adic continuity.
This game was one of the first to feature multiple endings.
They return to normal if either player loses a life.
The brothers return to normal and are reunited with their parents and girlfriends.
Standard Blackwood enables one partner to count partnership aces and kings in general.
As result, a reasonable grand slam in diamonds was missed.
In Roman Blackwood, the responses are even more ambiguous, but more space-conserving.
Though he received average grades, he also competed in high-school speech tournaments regionally.
He had also appeared with Dawson on "Cop-Out".
His ashes were scattered in the Pacific Ocean, near Maui, like his grandfather's.
The desire to wander, known as "trekgees", was a notable characteristic of the Boers.
An internet-based radio station, "Boerevolk Radio", serves as a mouthpiece for Boer separatists.
We just sold our farms and set out northwestwards to find a new home.
The star hangs from its ribbon by a rectangular metal loop with rounded corners.
Both badges required a recommendation by the commander and a citation in orders.
Print media played a large role in the early history of the settlement.
Ballarat lies at the foothills of the Great Dividing Range in Central Western Victoria.
The Harness Racing centre is considered to be among the best in Australia.
The Romans were heavily defeated in the ensuing battle.
Two factors had contributed to growing unrest in the area north of Danube.
He allegedly said, Let no one mourn.
A few Cossack regiments managed to retreat in order though.
Khmelnytsky started looking for another foreign ally.
Religion, ethnicity, and economics factored into this discontent.
His expedition to Halychyna had failed because of mutiny within his army.
He currently lives in Florida.
In that same year he married Barbara Berson Rose.
At "Analog", Bova won six Hugo Awards for Best Professional Editor.
The boat crews were re-formed into three additional infantry battalions.
Shuri Castle had been shelled by the battleship for three days before this advance.
Subsidiary landings followed, and the Kerama group was secured over the next five days.
Additionally, the Dominican Republic requested America's help.
Although order was restored, tensions remained on both sides of the conflict.
A bain-marie is also used to melt ingredients for cooking.
Typically the inner container is immersed about halfway into the working fluid.
The device's invention has been popularly attributed to Mary the Jewess, an ancient alchemist.
Fonni is also the gateway to the Gennargentu mountain system.
One of the most important villages is Gavoi.
The area is full of hard hills, and there is little human presence.
The team finished ninth in the Constructors' Championship.
The aircraft went through several alterations in each of its design stages and variants.
The "D" model was later deemed an obsolescent design.
Considerable damage was inflicted on the vessel.
"Trieste" was designed by the Swiss scientist Auguste Piccard and originally built in Italy.
"Trieste", after the bathyscaphe.
Power was provided by batteries.
Reginald was taken prisoner in the melee.
Philippe Auguste gave battle.
His army quickly retreated.
The causes of mutual dissatisfaction between the two had been continually accumulating.
He postulates that Antony knew he was surrounded and had nowhere to run.
Such an affair was doomed to become a political scandal.
This allows for detailed visualization of cellular activity, circulation, metastasis and many other phenomena.
Zebrafish embryos have proven to be a rapid, cost-efficient, and reliable teratology assay model.
The public dress up in traditional Ethiopian patriotic attire.
Public opinion in Italy was outraged.
The maximum can be visualized as a barrier between them.
By mathematical arguments, the maximum must lie between the two minima.
Examples are anterior-posterior and dorso-ventral axis formation and eye development.
But it is not the end of the world.
His videos focus on environmental science.
The government continued to seek a sponsor for the proposed institution.
They quickly stormed the island and attacked Belgica Castle at sunrise.
The butchering and beheadings were carried out by the Japanese for the Dutch.
There are seven inhabited islands and several that are uninhabited.
The game marked the retirement of veterans Kevin Walters and Michael Hancock.
Club legend Allan Langer retired mid-season, perhaps as a result of the team's form.
The team plays its home games at the South Pine Sports Complex in Brendale.
The club is based at the Gabba.
The team is captained by Dayne Beams and coached by Chris Fagan.
Brigadier Pat MacLellan was the operational commander and issued orders from Ebrington Barracks.
There is no doubt, there is nothing equivocal, there are no ambiguities.
Two people were knocked down by the vehicles.
Bruno spent five months there and baptized some thirty adults.
It was said that Braunsberg was named after Saint Bruno.
There he went to the places that Saint Adalbert of Prague had attended.
It was released on Okeh Records, after the Chess brothers turned it down.
The song Who Do You Love?
Wood hired Tom Mason, his wife's chiropractor, to double for Lugosi in additional shots.
Weeks cited actress Clara Bow as the "other woman".
He later based his last name on his hometown.
This version is also available from Amazon Video on Demand.
They leave the swamp while, Strowski drives a rented car to the swamp.
He has decided to use her as the next subject of his experiments.
It can be proven that the Kolmogorov complexity is not computable.
Terms of this kind give rise to vicious circle fallacies.
Medalists in military patrol, a precursor to biathlon, are listed separately.
The number of events has grown significantly over the years.
She should stop now.
A payment plan was also offered.
I asked for fresh air.
Belfast has the highest concentration of Irish speakers in Northern Ireland.
The majority of the animals are in danger in their natural habitat.
For elections to the European Parliament, Belfast is within the Northern Ireland constituency.
Under cross-polarized light biotite can generally be identified by the gnarled bird's eye extinction.
Biotite is an essential phenocryst in some varieties of lamprophyre.
The largest documented single crystals of biotite were approximately sheets found in Iveland, Norway.
The policy was difficult for many in the church.
It is believed that he died of peritonitis from a ruptured appendix.
He later received a pardon from Buchanan.
When the meal reaches the coffee stage, various speeches and toasts are given.
Formal suppers follow a standard order.
The courses normally use traditional Scottish recipes.
Somebody had to.
His citizenship award was in Winchester and he now holds dual nationality.
He met a nurse there named Cynthia Billen, whom he married.
This new line-up featured two guitarists.
However this track was not included on the soundtrack.
This last was disputed by Napier in court without success.
They sold rolling chassis, near-complete from the instrument panel forward.
Crewe also had extensive open farming land.
The following schema is from the third edition of "Vertebrate Palaeontology".
Craniates, one of the three subdivisions of chordates, all have distinct skulls.
The Mid Cambrian fossil "Rhabdotubus johanssoni" has been interpreted as a pterobranch hemichordate.
Theron was an honoured guest along with Halle Berry and keynote speaker James Cameron.
Theron's mother then shot and killed him.
She lives in Los Angeles.
His brilliant, energetic attacking style was typical for the time.
These new rules quickly spread throughout western Europe.
The game was played more for art than theory.
Chaplin was portrayed by Robert McClure in both productions.
He soon developed the Tramp persona and formed a large fan base.
It was re-interred in the Corsier cemetery surrounded by reinforced concrete.
Other companies-such as Skyhorse Publishing-also print a paper edition.
It is also available for download for use off-line.
These entities can be divided into categories.
The term "country" is frequently used to refer to sovereign states.
The degree of autonomy of non-sovereign countries varies widely.
It is also home to the Royal Danish Ballet.
Life science is a key sector with extensive research and development activities.
Several financial institutions and banks have headquarters in Copenhagen, including Alm.
Combinatorial aspects of dynamical systems is another emerging field.
Combinatorial optimization is the study of optimization on discrete and combinatorial objects.
They capture small-scale behavior in the context of the real number system.
This is another reformulation of the calculus in terms of infinitesimals.
Advances include communications psychology and media psychology, an emerging field of study.
The strengths of this model are simplicity, generality, and quantifiability.
These dimensions are known as physical, informational, and cognitive.
Two historians flourished during Greece's classical age: Herodotus and Thucydides.
European drama was invented in ancient Greece.
These have had a profound influence on Western society.
There exist only limited possible states of energy for electrons, atoms and molecules.
The chemical industry represents an important economic activity worldwide.
And because it "donates" electrons it is also called an electron donor.
The inclusions are small particles of insoluble substances suspended in the cytosol.
The physical properties of the cytoplasm have been contested in recent years.
This crowding effect alters how the components of the cytosol interact with each other.
In Aquinas' view angels and humans were created for salvation from the very beginning.
Compare the usage "the Christ".
Well, it is one of the great unspoiled cities in Central Europe.
There were self-governments of towns, counties and parliaments.
Other foods widely associated with Central Europe are goulash and beer.
Canada's mineral resources are diverse and extensive.
These hills are known for a great richness in precious minerals.
The fisheries industry has historically been one of Canada's strongest.
The most common response was "Canadian".
Statistics Canada identifies visible minorities in accordance with the "Employment Equity Act".
Canada is a constitutional monarchy, in which the Monarch is head of state.
For the initial disbursement, approximations were made based on previous elections.
Justices of the Supreme Court of Canada are appointed by the Governor-in-Council.
The remainder consists mainly of credit card debt and auto loans.
Also, Ontario has relatively fewer native sources of power.
Despite many decades as a leading producer, there is little risk of depletion.
Most Canadian cities have public transport, if only a bus system.
Hence roads are the dominant means of passenger and freight transport in Canada.
They had no wheeled vehicles, and no animals larger than dogs.
Canada was a close ally of the United States during the Cold War.
There was a naval dimension as well, involving privateers attacking enemy merchant ships.
Diplomats saw it as a clear warning to Germany not to attack Canada.
Lutheranism spread into northern, central and eastern parts of present-day Germany, Livonia and Scandinavia.
They also excelled in philosophy, science, theology and medicine.
There is a diversity of doctrines and practices among groups calling themselves Christian.
Abaci, of a more modern design, are still used as calculation tools today.
The industry also includes software services, such as training, documentation, and consulting.
Frequently development tools such as compilers, linkers, and debuggers are classified as system software.
The industry that deals in casinos is called the gaming industry.
Security cameras located throughout the casino are the most basic measure.
This advantage is called the "house edge".
Modern usage may carry the connotation of mild intensity.
The possessor is placed after that which is possessed.
Adjectives, demonstratives and numerals follow the noun they modify.
Another strategy of achieving performance is to execute multiple threads or processes in parallel.
The first such improvement came with the advent of the transistor.
The instructions to be executed are kept in some kind of computer memory.
Feliformia claws are often retractile, or rarely, semiretractile.
They are excellent runners: some are long-distance runners, but more commonly are sprinters.
The hyenas are also closely related to this clade.
The music of the Amazon region is strongly influenced by the indigenous religious practices.
Some popular archipelago rhythms are the Schottische, the Calypso, the Polka and the Mento.
Indigenous allies were crucial to conquest, as well as to creating and maintaining empire.
His metaphysical interpretations about the film reflected humankind's place in the universe.
Schaefer stood by Welles and opposed the board of governors.
Welles's new business manager and attorney permitted the contract to lapse.
Codes can be used for brevity.
Huffman coding is the most known algorithm for deriving prefix codes.
Error detecting codes can be optimised to detect "burst errors", or "random errors".
Like all other lemurs, cheirogaleids live exclusively on the island of Madagascar.
The females usually have three pairs of nipples.
They spend the day in tree hollows or leaf nests.
Callitrichids typically live in small, territorial groups of about five or six animals.
Ancestral stem-callitrichids likely were "normal-sized" ceboids that were dwarfed through evolutionary time.
Their social organization is unique among primates and is called a "cooperative polyandrous group".
Previously, New World monkeys were divided between Callitrichidae and this family.
These species are found throughout tropical and subtropical South and Central America.
Cebid monkeys are arboreal animals that only rarely travel on the ground.
Within the infraphylum Gnathostomata, cartilaginous fishes are distinct from all other jawed vertebrates.
All chondrichthyans breathe through five to seven pairs of gills, depending on the species.
Recent studies vindicate this, as "Doliodus" had a mosaic of chondrichthyian and acanthodiian traits.
Linnaeus' hope was to find new plants, animals and possibly valuable minerals.
Linnaeus was very fond of him, promising Solander his oldest daughter's hand in marriage.
Kelp is a fast-growing seaweed that grows up to a metre a day.
Some landlocked places have achieved port status by building canals.
Discordant coastlines feature distinctive landforms because the rocks are eroded by ocean waves.
Benzodiazepines are the first line of treatment, and high doses are often required.
A diagnosis is verified by a benzodiazepine or barbiturate test.
An alternative, less common term is "encipherment".
These simple ciphers and examples are easy to crack, even without plaintext-ciphertext pairs.
A key must be selected before using a cipher to encrypt a message.
The sixth generation of the country continued the crossover between country and pop music.
James Kilbane like many other Irish artists are today working closer with Nashville.
Communist parties had already come to power in Romania, Bulgaria, Albania, and Yugoslavia.
Truman ordered the development of a hydrogen bomb.
The split created two separate communist forces in Europe.
Government backing let Fannie and Freddie dominate mortgage underwriting.
These people form hubs in the network.
In spite of this, some competitors may succeed when the legal barriers are light.
Uncodified constitutions are the product of an "evolution" of laws and conventions over centuries.
Legal transplants of Roman-Byzantine law became the basis of the Serbian medieval law.
Uncodified constitutions largely lack protection against amendment by the government of the time.
The defining characteristic of "common law" is that it arises as precedent.
The term "common law" has many connotations.
There are many exceptions in both directions.
The diversity of domesticated dogs is an example of the power of artificial selection.
Kale was bred by selecting for large leaves.
Wild wolves, which did not undergo artificial selection, are relatively uniform in comparison.
Today, the genre is well established and incredibly diverse.
First, it is the music of the people that identify themselves as Celts.
Galician music is claimed to be "Celtic".
Adoption of many constellations has significantly changed throughout the centuries.
After tens to hundreds of thousands of years, their familiar outlines gradually become unrecognisable.
In the southern False Cross asterism includes portions of the constellations Carina and Vela.
Pen-based plotters were an alternate printing technology once common in engineering and architectural firms.
The printhead sprays the ink on a rotating, oil coated drum.
Inkjet systems rapidly displaced dot matrix and daisy wheel printers from the market.
They can be oral or even implied by the behavior of the parties.
Copyright is a form of intellectual property, applicable to certain forms of creative work.
However, this division is mostly theoretical.
This reduction pattern, inherited from Proto-Romance, is also found in Italian and Portuguese.
This view, based on political and ideological considerations, has no linguistic validity.
It is the only mission to have carried out an abort after launching.
The mission insignia was designed by Houston artist Skip Bradley.
This unique pointing instrument was designed with an accuracy of one arcsecond.
The Classical period falls between the Baroque and the Romantic periods.
Bach, the means to discipline and enrich his artistic gifts.
Mozart wanted to achieve both.
"Character set", "character map", "codeset" and "code page" are related, but not identical, terms.
It is almost never used for this purpose today.
Formatting codes are distinct, in General Category "Cf".
However, there were, and remain, a large variety of standard sequences to choose from.
Therefore, the amount of carbon on Earth is effectively constant.
Among these are the simple oxides of carbon.
The three relatively well-known allotropes of carbon are amorphous carbon, graphite, and diamond.
A semiconductor memory chip may contain millions of tiny transistors or capacitors.
The information is read optically and written by combining magnetic and optical methods.
Non-volatile memory retains the stored information even if not constantly supplied with electric power.
Note that activities and equilibrium constants are dimensionless numbers.
Equilibria, like the rest of thermodynamics, are statistical phenomena, averages of microscopic behavior.
In general, the calculations are rather complicated or complex.
As with binomial coefficients, there are several relationships between these multichoose expressions.
Binomial coefficients can be computed explicitly in various ways.
Each such permutation gives a "k"-combination by selecting its first "k" elements.
Moving data, especially large amounts of it, can be costly.
The first electronic computing devices were instead rewired in order to "reprogram" them.
Data movement is typically from one place in memory to another.
Many applications use a mix of several languages in their construction and use.
It affects the aspects of quality above, including portability, usability and most importantly maintainability.
One approach popular for requirements analysis is Use Case analysis.
Chaucer translated the work in his "Boece".
He believed in the correspondence between faith and reason.
Citations from it occur frequently in Dante's "Divina Commedia".
It features a mostly new cast, headed by Donnie Yen.
That's never happened before in my life.
The form in which this acclamation was offered was Frankish-Christian rather than Roman.
The Germanic Saxons were divided into four subgroups in four regions.
The goal of this rule was to make sermons comprehensible to the common people.
There are several ways to specify which character encoding is used in the document.
Finally, browsers usually permit the user to override "incorrect" charset label manually as well.
The "hhhh" may mix uppercase and lowercase, though uppercase is the usual style.
This nanotube was grown inside a multi-walled carbon nanotube.
Karl Kautsky influenced the history of Marxism.
For example, he decorated the castle Karlstejn.
Almost every decree explicitly stated that the sanctions did not apply to antifascists.
Much of Slovakia and all of Carpathian Ruthenia were annexed by Hungary.
The new country was a multi-ethnic state.
However, computer science education is growing.
Information theory is related to the quantification of information.
The term "computics" has also been suggested.
Many religious groups teach that God created the Cosmos.
Therefore, these can neither be confirmed nor disproved by scientists.
Neo-creationism sees ostensibly objective mainstream science as a dogmatically atheistic religion.
Government buildings and humanitarian aid offices in Abeche were said to have been looted.
The rebels accuse Deby of corruption and embezzling millions in oil revenue.
These highland areas are part of the East Saharan montane xeric woodlands ecoregion.
The smaller, southern part of the basin falls almost exclusively in Chad.
Permanent streams do not exist in northern or central Chad.
Christianity arrived in Chad much more recently with the arrival of Europeans.
Anthropologists view ethnicity as being more than genetics.
Legislative power is vested in both the government and parliament.
It was finally developed and is now operated by Exxon Mobil Corporation.
Some journalists and publishers practice self-censorship.
Journalists are harassed and attacked.
The only television station, Tele Tchad, is state-owned.
This route is now little used.
Another major airport, developed as a military staging area, is located at Sarh.
Some, but not all of the roads in the capital N'Djamena are paved.
Cameroon and Chad are developing excellent relations.
Libya supplies aid and has an ambassador resident in N'Djamena.
However, colloidal suspensions of higher-volume fraction form colloidal gels with viscoelastic properties.
Examples of such substances are xanthan and guar gum.
The colloid particles are attracted toward water.
The person rode alongside the driver.
Preparing food with heat or fire is an activity unique to humans.
Ascorbate, which is added to cured meat, however, reduces nitrosamine formation.
Cooking increases the digestibility of many foods which are inedible or poisonous when raw.
Solitaire games are designed to be played by one player.
Normally players score points after each hand.
It should be noted that there is nothing static or "official" about this process.
Cross stitch is widely used in traditional Palestinian dressmaking.
Today cotton floss is the most common embroidery thread.
Because of this, there are variations in the amount of color throughout the thread.
Casino games are also available in online casinos, where permitted by law.
It's always important to look for the casino game with the lowest house advantage.
There are several variations of poker that are played in casino card rooms.
Some research suggests video games may even increase players' attention capacities.
Since then, most consoles have been shipped with two or four controller inputs.
This requires a strong analytical ability, as well as flexibility and adaptability.
Before the Cambrian, the sea floor was covered by microbial mats.
Large, high-velocity rotational movement of Gondwana appears to have occurred in the Early Cambrian.
Philosophers argue this evades the issue.
A human perceives that as the color red in his or her brain.
Being-taller-than is a relation between the two structures.
Prestressed reinforcement along the bottom of the beam counteracts this.
Another option is to use hydrophobic concrete.
The cone is placed with the wide end down onto a level, non-absorptive surface.
However, several small studies have failed to find any viable sperm in the fluid.
However, recent research suggests that this might not be accurate.
Every latex condom is tested for holes with an electric current.
However, the benefits condoms offer are widely considered to offset their small landfill mass.
These campaigns increased condom use significantly.
Several different systems have been developed to do this.
The techniques and nomenclature of cladistics have been applied to other disciplines.
These are compared in the table below.
Also, homology can be equated to synapomorphy, which is what Patterson has done.
This is generally known as intercalation.
In the modern world, timekeepers can show time, date and weekday.
Not all calendars use the solar year as a unit.
As the universe expands, both matter and radiation in it become diluted.
Because of this, scattering processes and decay of unstable particles are important in cosmology.
The history of the universe is a central issue in cosmology.
However, explanations for these fine-tunings have been proposed.
This occurs because inflating regions expand very rapidly, reproducing themselves.
Vilenkin put forth one such scenario.
A common candle emits light with a luminous intensity of roughly one candela.
It became clear that a better-defined unit was needed.
One of the best-known of these was the English standard of candlepower.
Only the free electron gas case can be solved exactly.
This has more recently expanded to form the research area of spontelectrics.
A typical ethnography will also include information about physical geography, climate and habitat.
Additionally, anthropologists have struggled with the effect their presence has on a culture.
Participant observation is one of the principle research methods of cultural anthropology.
The process of conversion depends on the specific situation and the intended purpose.
This may be governed by regulation, contract, technical specifications or other published standards.
This is sometimes called "soft conversion".
If located on a mountainside, it may rely on terraces and winding roads.
Housing of residents presents one of the major challenges every city must face.
Early cities often featured granaries, sometimes within a temple.
The small white flowers form small umbels, across.
Regular harvesting of leaves also helps to prevent bolting.
Besides its digestive properties, it is used as a mild stimulant.
The seeds are produced in a small, three-valved capsule, maturing in summer.
Chives have insect-repelling properties that can be used in gardens to control pests.
They also have mild stimulant, diuretic, and antiseptic properties.
Morris played Denholm Reynholm, the eccentric managing director of the company.
They have two sons, Charles and Frederick, both of whom were born in Lambeth.
The Rio Grande drains due south into New Mexico, Mexico, and Texas.
This event is now known as the Sand Creek massacre.
The Apache and the Comanche also inhabited Eastern and Southeastern parts of the state.
The first true priapulids appeared during this period.
The Silesian is roughly contemporaneous with the late Mississippian Serpukhovian plus the Pennsylvanian.
Among the mollusca, the bivalves continue to increase in numbers and importance.
The presidency of the Union rotates between the islands.
Many Comorians can trace their genealogies to ancestors from Yemen, mainly Hadhramaut, and Oman.
A few days later, Bob Denard was evacuated to South Africa by French paratroopers.
"Critical philosophy" is also used as another name for Kant's philosophy itself.
Uyghur is most commonly written in a Perseo-Arabic script.
In higher montane stands of juniper and yew, the bamboo is replaced by rhododendrons.
Characteristic wild flowers include varieties of mariposa, tulip, and tiger and leopard lilies.
Suisun Bay lies at the confluence of the Sacramento and San Joaquin Rivers.
Two of the pueblos grew into the cities of Los Angeles and San Jose.
The Canadian part of the Okanagan subbasin is also growing rapidly.
Along the upper Snake River and Salmon River, the Shoshone Bannock tribes are present.
All three terms essentially mean "the big river".
These families are now known to be only distantly related.
The order includes shrubs and trees, together with many herbs and climbers.
The leaf loss coincides with the dry season in tropical, subtropical and arid regions.
This is because the tunings of the five-string banjo are key-specific.
They are family-friendly, and alcohol consumption is not part of the culture.
Five of them are: "triplet", "indecent", "four-face-four", and "whole-set".
Nevertheless, most grading systems use similar terminology and values and remain mutually intelligible.
Speculators may also buy common circulation coins for their intrinsic metal value.
Their collection then takes on a more specific focus.
Pouches and containers are used to spread the powder over the playing surface.
Play continues until a predetermined winning score is reached.
Boric acid powder is mostly used for this purpose.
Most modern capitalist economies are defined as "mixed economies" to some degree.
The rise of "the precariat" has been attributed to the emergence of global neoliberalism.
Usually the Reserve Banks and the Treasury provide interpretations and analysis of this data.
Heavy cross ownership is referred to as circular ownership.
With appropriate treatment outcomes, even with complex problems, are generally good.
Additional medications such as antiplatelets including aspirin, beta blockers, or nitroglycerin may be recommended.
Noid as well as games based on the Disney animated properties.
While commercially successful, the production received almost universal criticism.
Life in 'Democratic Kampuchea' was strict and brutal.
Pol Pot's Khmer Rouge forces retreated rapidly to the jungles near the Thai border.
Funan controlled the strategic coastline of Indochina and the maritime trade routes.
The natural resources of the Greater Annamites are vital to all of these people.
Rainfall around the basin increases with elevation.
In November the lake reaches its maximum size.
The greater longevity for females apparently reflected improved health practices during maternity and childbirth.
The three groups most often included are the Chinese Cambodians, Vietnamese and Cham peoples.
Mortality also differs by province.
Executive power is exercised by Prime Minister, Hun Sen.
The legislative branch of the Cambodian government is made up of a bicameral parliament.
Cambodia's emerging democracy has received strong international support.
The service sector is heavily concentrated on trading activities and catering-related services.
Agriculture is the traditional mainstay of the Cambodian economy.
Corruption remains pervasive and governmental human rights bodies are generally ineffective.
Mobile phone coverage is rapidly expanding in rural areas.
Judges also can order fines, which may lead to jail time if not paid.
Most main roads are now paved.
The major Mekong River navigation routes also were cleared for traffic.
Eight airfields had permanent-surface runways.
In addition, the maritime boundary Cambodia has with Vietnam is undefined.
Cambodia is also a possible site of small-scale opium, heroin, and amphetamine production.
The country is a large producer of cannabis for the international market.
The only stone used by Angkorian builders was sandstone, obtained from the Kulen mountains.
Each is named for a particular temple regarded as paradigmatic for the style.
Srahs and barays were reservoirs, generally created by excavation and embankment, respectively.
H. A. Rey has suggested an alternative visualization, which graphically shows a goat.
Both of these stars are of the fourth magnitude.
Cameroon has a high level of religious freedom and diversity.
Its characteristic vegetation is savanna scrub and grass.
Dwellings made from materials such as cement and tin are increasingly common.
They still inhabit the forests of the south and east provinces.
Some tens of thousands died during this conflict.
They attacked the presidency.
It is less humid than the coast.
The southern savanna plain extends from the edge of the Adamaoua to Lake Chad.
Results from the second head count were never published.
Registration of vital events is in Cameroon not complete.
Traditional rulers receive stipends from the national government.
Traditional courts still play a major role in domestic, property, and probate law.
Cameroon has a number of independent newspapers.
The current account and fiscal deficits widened, and foreign debt grew.
The banking sector is highly concentrated and dominated by foreign commercial banks.
Cameroon has rescheduled its Paris Club debt at favorable terms.
The government maintains tight control over broadcast media.
Several rural community radio stations function with foreign funding.
Such crimes are punishable by prison terms and heavy fines.
The options available to citizens and tourists include railways, roadways, waterways, pipelines, and airlines.
The strike quickly escalated into violent protests and spread to other major cities.
A number of small patrol boats have been acquired or ordered from France.
Cameroon maintains significant bilateral relations with several countries.
The Israeli ambassador described Cameroon as Israel's best friend in Africa.
A ruling by the African Commission on Human Rights is awaited.
Also, most islands do not always get a monsoon.
The islands in the Sotavento group are Maio, Santiago, Fogo, and Brava.
The native laurel forest species are in wet area only in mountainous areas.
All of these have been absorbed into the "mixed" population.
There is a rich repertoire of literature and songs in Cape Verdean Creole.
Executive power is exercised by the President and the Government.
Legislative power is vested in both the Government and the National Assembly.
But service schedules are approximate only and delays or cancellations of service are common.
Most people identify Toyota Corolla hatchbacks as clans and they are frequently hailed.
Return trips often depart around mid-day.
They include two branches, the National Guard and the Coast Guard.
Although located in Africa, Cape Verde had always close relations with Europe.
A small Indian community resides in Cape Verde.
It also participates in most international conferences on economic and political issues.
Cape Verde maintains an Honorary Consulate General in New Delhi.
The Cayman Islands Education Department operates state schools.
These two agencies co-operate in aspects of law enforcement, including their joint marine unit.
The official members are the deputy governor and the attorney general.
The majority of Caymanians are of African and English descent, with considerable interracial mixing.
Barclays ushered in the age of formalised commerce by opening the first commercial bank.
He was the grandson of the original settler named Bodden.
Five of the districts are located on the main island, Grand Cayman.
Terrain is mostly a low-lying limestone base surrounded by coral reefs.
The sixth, Sister Islands, comprises the islands of Little Cayman and Cayman Brac.
The vast majority of its residents live on the island of Grand Cayman.
Many citizens are deeply religious, regularly going to church.
The predominant religion on the Cayman Islands is Christianity.
This caused the trial's collapse, and subsequent release of those charged with wrongdoing.
The Cayman Islands produces gourmet sea salt.
In addition, settlers scavenged shipwreck remains from the surrounding coral reefs.
Most schools follow the British educational system.
However, approximately half of the adult population of the country is illiterate.
Maximum annual precipitation is approximately in the upper Ubangi region.
The river can be navigated most of the year between Bangui and Brazzaville.
The remaining seats were won by independents or by smaller parties.
Protestant missions were established in different parts of the country.
His cousin, David Dacko, replaced him as head of Government.
In the west, the Sangha River flows through part of the country.
The eastern border lies along the edge of the Congo-Nile watershed.
The remainder of the country is prone to flooding from nearby rivers.
The chief agricultural areas are around the Bossangoa and Bambari.
Bangui, Berberati, Bangassou, and Bossangoa are the most densely populated urban centers.
According to this agreement, a new unity government would be formed.
The telephone system functions, albeit imperfectly.
Principal cash crops for export include cotton, coffee, and tobacco.
This move brought state-run national radio and television coverage to the entire country.
Radio is the most-popular communications medium.
There are presently no railways in the Central African Republic.
It is at the city of Bangui.
There is an international airport at Bangui-Mpoko.
But it is considered to shore up the ineffectual Darfur Peace Agreement.
The Air Force is almost inoperable.
This has indeed been visible in his relations to donor countries and international organisations.
It is the fifth largest country in Africa in terms of area.
Chad's ranking on the index has improved only marginally in recent years.
In southern Chad, bitter conflicts over land are becoming more and more common.
A military junta, led by General Augusto Pinochet, took control of the country.
He repealed Liberal reforms that had threatened church privileges and properties.
Congressmen often won election by bribing voters in this clientelistic and corrupt system.
However some commissions are allowed to meet in other places, especially Santiago.
Senators serve approximately eight-year terms.
Other taxes include the inheritance tax and custom duties.
Chile's overall trade profile has traditionally been dependent upon copper exports.
Chile is the second largest producer of salmon in the world.
Until there it is used nearly exclusively for freight.
If completed, it would have been the largest suspension bridge in South America.
The Navy also operates four submarines based in Talcahuano.
The Air Force also operates an airbase on King George Island, Antarctica.
Relations have remained sour because of the war.
The Chilean Government has diplomatic relations with most countries.
However, border disputes continued.
In the beginning, everyone would stand for the song.
Now the anthem is played in C Major during sign-on and sign-off.
Eight species or subspecies of seabirds nest on it.
Six species of butterfly are known to occur on Christmas Island.
Steep cliffs along much of the coast rise abruptly to a central plateau.
It is a minor overseas territory of France.
They drew up the first map and claimed the island for France.
This did not settle the ownership question.
Undersea cables went to Rodrigues, Mauritius, Batavia, Java and Fremantle, Western Australia.
The local inhabitants all lived on Home Island.
The Act also gives Western Australian courts judicial power over the islands.
Once cognized, confirmation bias and avoidance of cognitive dissonance may reinforce the belief.
As such, conspiracy theories do not typify a particular epoch or ideology.
There is no port or harbour, only offshore anchorage.
The islands are all very low.
Costa Rica became a "rural democracy" with no oppressed mestizo or indigenous class.
There are both state and private universities.
The revenue helped to modernize the country.
All this suggests the possibility that in this area two different cultures coexisted.
Local companies create and export software as well as other computer-related products.
In practice it operated as a largely autonomous entity within the Spanish Empire.
Like all Central American countries, Costa Rica is considered part of a biodiversity hotspot.
It is located in the Abangares district of the province of Guanacaste.
Much of the region is covered by the forest.
Legislative powers are held by the Legislative Assembly.
A Comptroller General, Procurator General, and an Ombudsman oversee the government and operate autonomously.
Other parties hold the remaining seats.
Renewable energy in Costa Rica is the norm.
Other fiscal reforms were also recommended to moderate the budget deficit.
The subsequent priorities include transfers to institutions according to their social urgency.
Most parts of the country are accessible by road.
Costa Rica's ports are struggling to keep pace with growing trade.
However, there are some two-lane trunk roads with restricted access under development.
However, it does have small paramilitary forces which perform policing and border patrol functions.
Costa Rica maintains Police Guard forces.
Its motto is God, Fatherland, and Honor.
It is currently a member of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights.
Costa Rica has been a strong proponent of regional arms-limitation agreements.
Regional political integration has not proven attractive to Costa Rica.
Theoretical approaches to the structure of languages have also been developed.
This modeling effort achieved, through computational linguistics, what would otherwise have been impossible.
For instance, during language acquisition, human children are largely only exposed to positive evidence.
The lowest elevation in Ivory Coast is at sea level on the coasts.
Nine percent of the country is arable land.
The terrain is mostly flat to undulating plain, with mountains in the northwest.
Most of the principal divisions have a significant presence in neighboring countries.
They soon after launched attacks in many cities, including Abidjan.
They will be both elected for a five-year term, with only one possible reelection.
The High Court of Justice is competent to try government officials for major offenses.
It is the first tuna fishing port in Africa.
Since the outbreak of the crisis, only five of these airports are available.
In addition, a significant traffic exists throughout Abidjan, the capital.
It is unknown whether any of these aircraft were truly operational.
President Gbagbo repeatedly demanded France assist him in crushing the rebel forces.
An American development worker, reported to have been a missionary, was also killed.
The Croatian War of Independence was fought successfully for four years following the declaration.
With the waning of the Ottoman Empire, art flourished during the Baroque and Rococo.
Further activities supporting development of culture are undertaken at local government level.
The area known today as Croatia was inhabited throughout the prehistoric period.
The Dalmatia region then became part of the Roman province of Illyricum.
They were instead interned by British forces and then returned to the Partisans.
The land border disputes pertain to comparatively small strips of land.
The Paleozoic and Mesozoic structures are visible in Papuk and other Slavonian mountains.
Agricultural monocultures have also been identified as a threat to biodiversity.
One explanation for the recent population decrease is the Croatian War of Independence.
The natural growth rate of the population is negative.
During the war, large sections of the population were displaced and emigration increased.
Government powers in Croatia are divided into legislative, executive and judiciary powers.
A majority vote is required to win.
The Croatian State Bank was the central bank, responsible for issuing currency.
Croatian wines, olive oil and lavender are particularly sought after.
County roads have four-digit numbers.
State routes have one, two or three-digit numbers.
The Armed Forces consist of peacetime and wartime components.
The wartime component of the Armed Forces includes all other reservists.
In peace, the Commander-in-Chief exercises his command through the Minister of Defence.
Judiciary reforms remained a pending issue as well.
Relations with neighbouring states have normalized somewhat since the breakup of Yugoslavia.
Croatia and Montenegro have a largely latent border dispute over the Prevlaka peninsula.
However, the courts did not act on the petition and ignored Castro's legal challenges.
Among the opponents of Batista, many wanted to accommodate the United States.
Havana and Varadero soon became popular tourist resorts.
Venezuela is Cuba's primary source of oil.
Its population was characterized by chronic unemployment and deep poverty.
An increasing number of tourist zones accept Euros.
There are two national bus companies in Cuba.
Hitchhiking is what makes Cuba move.
Hitchhiking is essential.
Cuba, for many years regionally isolated, increased grants and scholarships to the Caribbean countries.
Prior to achieving its independence, Cuba was a colony of Spain.
During the Presidency of Fulgencio Batista, Cuba did not initially face trade restrictions.
The Cypriot Zeno of Citium was the founder of the Stoic School of Philosophy.
During the late Bronze Age the island experienced two waves of Greek settlement.
The most worldwide known Cypriot director, to have worked abroad, is Michael Cacoyannis.
In general, the island experiences mild wet winters and dry hot summers.
Its easternmost extension becomes a series of foothills on the Karpass Peninsula.
Geopolitically, the island is divided into four segments.
English is widely used over all of the island.
Cyprus has a well-developed system of primary and secondary education.
Cyprus is also the home of a Jewish community with a Synagogue in Larnaca.
The House of Representatives was elected on the basis of separate voters' rolls.
Potatoes and citrus are the principal export crops.
Assistance from Turkey is the mainstay of the Turkish Cypriot economy.
Moreover, the economy benefited from the close cooperation between the public and private sectors.
Smaller vessels and private yachts can dock at Marinas in Cyprus.
The island has also been criticised for supposedly lax arms control legislation.
This particular ecological niche buffered them from extinction.
In many places around the world, dark anoxic shales were formed during this interval.
Due to the high sea level there was extensive space for such sedimentation.
It is classified as a type of transmissible spongiform encephalopathy.
This change in conformation disables the ability of the protein to undergo digestion.
The animals' brains were analysed once any symptoms became apparent.
However, his call did not go unheeded.
Parkinson had not been the only one to resign while on leave.
Besides, carts need roads.
This would normally be a section of water wider than the general canal.
A navigation always shares the drainage basin of the river.
At the time, Skinner's behaviorist paradigm dominated psychology.
Computational modeling can help us understand the functional organization of a particular cognitive phenomenon.
This is often framed in terms of the nature and nurture debate.
The pronoun used with the copula is different from the normal pronoun.
Further restrictions may apply before omission is permitted.
For instance "desu" is more formal and polite than "da".
Columbus's project, though far-fetched, held the promise of such an advantage.
The monarchs forced the citizens of Palos to contribute to the expedition.
Columbus's soldiers killed and enslaved with impunity at every landing.
Chemists may specialize in any number of subdisciplines of chemistry.
Alchemists discovered many chemical processes that led to the development of modern chemistry.
Postdoctoral experience may be required for certain positions.
The track features Tim Armstrong of Rancid on guitar and backup vocals.
The song also appeared in the trailer of the movie "The Green Hornet".
One of the band's most striking aspects is B-Real's exaggeratedly high-pitched nasal vocals.
This intermediate is extremely reactive.
For example, phosphorus self-ignites at room temperature without the application of heat.
Fires occur naturally, ignited by lightning strikes or by volcanic products.
The Cyrillic script was created in the First Bulgarian Empire.
Few fonts include adequate glyphs to reproduce the alphabet.
Unicode as a general rule does not include accented Cyrillic letters.
Contrasting with consonants are vowels.
In some other languages, such as Finnish, "y" only represents a vowel sound.
The types of consonants used in various languages are by no means universal.
Modern costume jewelry incorporates a wide range of materials.
With the war in Europe, many European jewelry firms were forced to shut down.
There are many exports, largely consisting of crafted goods and farmed produce.
The islands became detached by rising sea levels in the Neolithic period.
A bailiwick is a territory administered by a bailiff.
Slapstick films involve exaggerated, boisterous action to create impossible and humorous situations.
Because it relies predominately on visual depictions of events, it does not require sound.
Accordingly, the subgenre was ideal for silent movies and was prevalent during that era.
Although these are big budget, mainstream films, they still attract cult followings.
Previous articles and controversies can also be alluded to without explanation.
Authenticity in performance and expertise can drive fan acclaim.
Emperors were no longer peripatetic between various court capitals and palaces.
Chariot-racing had been important in Rome for centuries.
In Constantinople, the hippodrome became over time increasingly a place of political significance.
Cornwall has varied habitats including terrestrial and marine ecosystems.
Summers are, however, not as warm as in other parts of southern England.
He is buried in the churchyard at Saint Enodoc's Church, Trebetherick.
The oldest constitutional monarchy dating back to ancient times was that of the Hittites.
It carries strict criminal penalties for violators.
Bhumibol has reigned through several political changes in the Thai government.
The second law is offered as a simple observation in the same essay.
Its status as Clarke's second law was conferred by others.
Ramdohr fundamentally challenged the concept that pure landscape painting could convey explicit meaning.
Friedrich's reputation steadily declined over the final fifteen years of his life.
It was to be one of the few commissions the artist received.
There's a lot of "i"s to be dotted and "t"s to be crossed.
I don't have any Fleetwood Mac references on it.
Love featured in one of his short films, titled "Club Vatican".
It is also called "anthropophagy".
In early Brazil, there is extensive reportage of cannibalism among the Tupinamba.
Leningrad police even formed a special division to combat cannibalism.
The radioisotopes typically decay into other elements upon radiating an alpha or beta particle.
The first of these symbols were intended to be fully universal.
Subsequent enrichment of galactic halos occurred due to stellar nucleosynthesis and supernova nucleosynthesis.
Sometimes "centime"s are known as francs or in former Spanish areas, pesetas.
French officials presented the decision as an act of generosity.
The topic of animal consciousness is beset by a number of difficulties.
However, no alternative solution has gained general acceptance.
Hence it remains unclear why any of it is conscious.
But there were also disadvantages.
Digital currency has arisen with the popularity of computers and the Internet.
Trade could only reach as far as the credibility of that military.
Conversely, selling of securities by the central bank reduces the money supply.
The institutes built a new tier in the financial economy.
Both are synthesised in stars in the oxygen-burning and silicon-burning processes.
Chlorine is a toxic gas that attacks the respiratory system, eyes, and skin.
All four dihalides of calcium are known.
Calcium is the first element to have six naturally occurring isotopes.
Corals, sea shells, and pearls are mostly made up of calcium carbonate.
Passivation can be enhanced by short contact with oxidizing acids like nitric acid.
For its formation, ferrochromium is added to the molten iron.
The remainder is used in the chemical, refractory, and foundry industries.
The edge or rim is the immediate circumference of the cymbal.
The bell produces a higher "pinging" pitch than the rest of the cymbal.
The modern instruments descended from this line are the crotales.
In that process, a silver atom captures a neutron and then undergoes beta decay.
Helium-cadmium lasers are a common source of blue-ultraviolet laser light.
Bread, root crops, and vegetables also contribute to the cadmium in modern populations.
Curium has peculiar magnetic properties.
Curium has no biological significance.
Therefore, this application of curium is currently considered impractical.
The discoverers named the new element after the university and the state.
Californium is one of the few transuranium elements that have practical applications.
Californium slowly tarnishes in air at room temperature.
Together, they are called 'The Union'.
Below the federal level, the parties are entirely independent.
The titles are frequently given to "bucho" and higher-level personnel.
Certain other prominent positions have emerged, some of which are sector-specific.
This seemingly allows for clear lines of authority.
The mayor also sits on the school committee.
However, the mayor is not the chief executive of the city.
Walking is a popular activity in Cambridge.
His characters have spawned a sequel series, "Lewis", and a prequel series, "Endeavour".
The initial books written by Dexter were general studies text books.
Alfred ran a small garage and taxi company from premises in Scotgate, Stamford.
International Association of "Tourists and Travelers" College.
Often, these are entirely undergraduate institutions, although some have graduate school programs.
This is largely modelled on the Cambridge model, discussed above.
He donated part of his fortune for the establishment of an "industrial school".
The faculty senate represents members of the faculty when decisions are taken.
Codices are described in certain works by the Classical Latin poet, Martial.
The alternative to paged codex format for a long document is the continuous scroll.
The parchment maker attaches the skin at points around the circumference.
A commercial steer or bull calf is expected to put on about per month.
Female calves will become a replacement dairy cow.
See "Other animals" below.
It was inspired in part by the Alan Turing Year.
Without him, none of the things we know today would exist.
The mouse was designed to search through the corridors until it found the target.
Durable relations that extend beyond immediate genealogical ties also define a sense of community.
Community building that is geared toward citizen action is usually termed community organizing.
Socialization is influenced primarily by the family, through which children first learn community norms.
Some institutions maintain athletic teams and dormitories similar to their four-year counterparts.
There are also an increasing number of private providers, which are colloquially called "colleges".
The American innovation of the associate degree is emerging at some institutions.
Tours are available by appointment, Monday through Saturday.
The memorial is a fountain in the form of an asymmetric inverted stone cone.
The Civil Rights Memorial Center offers guided group tours lasting approximately one hour.
He studied with two more private tutors after leaving the academy.
His interests became more focussed, on computation and metrology, and on international contacts.
A controversy Babbage had with Richard Jones lasted for six years.
Drag is a special form of performance art based on the act of cross-dressing.
There are many examples in Greek, Norse, and Hindu mythology.
Jointing and faulting are present on both sides.
Eurotunnel's original order was for nine tourist shuttles.
This led to the adoption of different tunnelling techniques on the two sides.
The Japanese themselves knew it and delighted in it.
There are cyberpunk video games.
It so evidently was.
Such strips are known as "zombie strips".
Gary Larson's "The Far Side" was unusual, as there were no central characters.
Kelly also defended the medium against possible government regulation in the McCarthy era.
Axiomatic set theory was at that point not yet formulated.
Cantor proposed the continuum hypothesis as a possible solution to this question.
Freiling believes this axiom is "intuitively true" but others have disagreed.
Now this child gets sick from time to time.
The Turkish Armed Forces is the doctor which saves the child.
There are two types of collectivism: institutional collectivism and in-group collectivism.
In-group collectivism can be referred to as family collectivism.
There are two main objections to collectivism from the ideas of individualism.
The surfaces of the nutlets can be slightly ribbed, smooth or warty.
Most of the species are herbaceous perennial plants, but some are annuals.
"Nepeta" plants are usually aromatic in foliage and flowers.
Moore's law predicts that computer speeds will continue to increase.
The war in the Pacific was similarly helped by 'Magic' intelligence.
The effort was greater than above, but was not unreasonable on fast modern computers.
In the visual arts, works by Chicanos address similar themes as works in literature.
Lalo Guerrero has been lauded as the "father of Chicano music".
No particular explanation of the boat's name is known.
In terms of its climate Tenerife is particularly interesting.
The largest airport is the Gran Canaria Airport.
He is a pescatarian.
Their major label albums were Yo!
Team's album "Proof of Youth" on the track "Flashlight Fight.
The effect is of commentary to the original scene, frequently comic in nature.
These shots can be used as cutaways.
The animated television show "Family Guy" often uses cutaway gags as humor.
Some patients never progress beyond very basic responses, but many recover full awareness.
Physical examination is critical after stabilization.
Patient's eyelids are gently elevated and the cornea is visualized.
The standard of "CoC" scenarios was well received by independent reviewers.
Chaosium offered a one-time printing of this Collector's Edition.
The binding is thread sewn, square backed.
It is edited by Andrew Arato, Amy Allen, and Andreas Kalyvas.
Seyla Benhabib is a co-founding former editor and Nancy Fraser a former co-editor.
Whale-watching cruises are operated by vendors from Baddeck to Cheticamp.
The truth is we welcome all, no matter the ideology.
A slow economy, in combination with out-migration has us on an unsustainable path.
Authors of Lovecraftian horror in particular frequently use elements of the Cthulhu Mythos.
Many of Howard's original unedited "Conan" stories also involve parts of the Cthulhu Mythos.
There was never a rigid system that might be posthumously appropriated.
Such devices are called crane trolleys.
Small camera cranes and crane-trucks have a lightweight construction, often without a mechanical drive.
These devices are called tap-robots; some sources use the term motion control.
The Cambridge administration greatly regretted the decision after the film's enormous success.
The British team returns home triumphant.
The film shows Abrahams performing the feat for the first time in history.
Ovid wrote in his Heroides that "Exitus acta probat" "The result justifies the deed".
In both East and West Germany, military service was mandatory for all male citizens.
Sudanese law allows for conscription of women, but this is not implemented in practice.
The Sultans had the young boys trained over several years.
She was advised by Professor Thomas J. McCarthy on her doctorate.
Coleman is married to glass artist Josh Simpson who lives in Massachusetts.
They have one son.
Short cervical length is the strongest predictor of preterm birth.
The junction between these two types of epithelia is called the squamocolumnar junction.
Lagomorphs, rodents, aardvarks and hyraxes have a duplex uterus and two cervices.
Professional organizations have representation from across the research, education, industry, and government.
It can be difficult to count exactly how many passes an optimizing compiler makes.
An interpreter is computer software that transforms and then executes the indicated operations.
What Offence to the Eye!
The training of the boys was rigorous.
After that, he says, That's no good too.
I got it!
He then says, I did it wrong.
Ideally, key length would coincide with the lower-bound on an algorithm's security.
This number grows very rapidly as "n" increases.
However, after design, a new attack might be discovered.
Wolpe's therapeutic efforts were precursors to today's fear reduction techniques.
All of these therapies are a blending of cognitive- and behavior-based elements.
This "two-factor" model is often credited to O. Hobart Mowrer.
Almost all characters created since have been made using this format.
All varieties of Chinese are tonal and analytic.
Min is the most diversified language group.
One of the central tools in complex analysis is the line integral.
Holomorphic functions exhibit some remarkable features.
Functions that have only poles but no essential singularities are called meromorphic.
Art, culture and science all advanced to unprecedented heights.
The invention of movable-type printing further facilitated the spread of knowledge.
Neo-feudal landholdings of the Song and Mongol periods were expropriated by the Ming rulers.
"Hydraulic engineering" is concerned with the flow and conveyance of fluids, principally water.
It incorporates elements of applied physics and chemistry.
Earthquake engineering is a sub-discipline of structural engineering.
The inhabitants lived in mudbrick houses that were crammed together in an aggregate structure.
Rooms with concentrations of these items may have been shrines or public meeting areas.
However, hunting continued to be a major source of food for the community.
They greatly enlarged their membership and won favour from London for their decision.
He proved a loyal ally of America at the onset of the cold war.
He also played football for non-League club Fleet.
"Catulli Carmina" is a cantata by Carl Orff to the texts of Catullus.
His explicit writing style has shocked many readers.
Titled "Odi Et Amo", the song is found on Johannsson's album Englaborn.
Forester wrote many novels.
He wrote several volumes of short stories set during the Second World War.
This prompted Dahl to write his first story, "A Piece of Cake".
Country codes are dialed before the national telephone number.
Small countries, such as Iceland, were assigned three-digit codes.
Thus, the geographical indicators below are approximations only.
A. Downie and Constance Kuriyama have argued against the more lurid speculation, but J.
Like William Shakespeare, Marlowe is frequently claimed to have been homosexual.
Controversially, a question mark was added to the generally accepted date of death.
Containers for securely transporting urine are also commonly carried.
On longer trips, containers for securely transporting feces out of the cave are carried.
As in all physical sports, knowing one's limitations is key.
Limestone caves are often adorned with calcium carbonate formations produced through slow precipitation.
Most caves are formed in limestone by dissolution.
Glacier caves are formed by melting ice and flowing water within and under glaciers.
The following are characters used to denote small order of magnitude in Chinese historically.
The programmer then looked at the console lights and fiddled with the console switches.
The computer program was written on paper for reference.
Two of the main paradigms are imperative and declarative.
One of the earliest justifications involved the theory of natural law.
The most significant Roman law concept involved "dominion".
These are further categorized as violent or property crimes.
William A. Fowler, a professor at Caltech, was selected as research director.
Nearly half of the funds went into the support of Caltech programs and projects.
DuBridge, unlike his predecessors, welcomed federal funding of science.
Goldoni had a dislike for arrogance, intolerance and the abuse of power.
Galuppi composed the score for more than twenty of Goldoni's librettos.
Goldoni's importance lay in providing good examples rather than precepts.
Cumulative distribution functions are also used to specify the distribution of multivariate random variables.
In such a case, this defines the inverse distribution function or quantile function.
It may also be called a center or location of the distribution.
Colloquially, measures of central tendency are often called averages.
The following may be applied to one-dimensional data.
Regional radio personalities, newscasters, politicians or community leaders may be local or regional celebrities.
These informal rankings indicate a placing within a hierarchy.
Celebrities often have fame comparable to royalty.
In this case, the parameter is computed by combining all the selected clusters.
When the clusters are of different sizes, probability proportionate to size sampling is used.
Each cluster should be a small-scale representation of the total population.
Baudelaire saw in Poe a precursor and tried to be his French contemporary counterpart.
He often moved from one lodging to another to escape creditors.
It has become one of the best-known poems in American literature.
Other stamps in the set depicted Paul Bunyan, John Henry, and Pecos Bill.
Kelly recited this in a sing-song, school-boy fashion.
How much air an instrument can move determines its maximum volume.
It is flat or slightly curved.
The smaller the fretboard radius, the more noticeably curved the fretboard is.
These legends intensified an inner longing he later called "joy".
His philosophical writings are widely cited by Christian apologetics from many denominations.
He found the school socially competitive.
Other sets may include tiles with Xiangqi characters.
These games employed two sets of "double-six" tiles.
The rankings of the individual tiles are similar in most games.
During this time, perissodactyla thrived, and evolved into many different varieties.
Kelp forests evolved, encouraging the evolution of new species, such as sea otters.
It features three epochs: the Paleocene, Eocene and Oligocene.
In teaching, there should be no distinction of classes.
Confucius himself was a ritual and sacrificial master.
Why must there be such rectification?
Its influence also spread to Korea, Japan, and many other Asian countries.
Before the Han dynasty the largest rivals to Confucianism were Chinese Legalism, and Mohism.
The new genealogy includes the Muslims.
Confucius's disciples and his only grandson, Zisi, continued his philosophical school after his death.
The picture was painted on the wooden frame to a polished bronze mirror.
This is the statement of the "fundamental theorem of algebra".
This field is called "p"-adic complex numbers by analogy.
For example, is a complex number.
It is monster hunting.
There is a broad consensus from academics that cryptozoology is a pseudoscience.
Charles plays guitar and piano.
Charles explains the context for the music and carries out interviews with guest musicians.
He ended each episode with a short "Robot Wars"-themed poem.
Westport railway station is the terminus station on the Dublin to Westport Rail service.
The tribal 'tuatha' and the new religious settlements existed side by side.
The tenants became the owners of their lands under the newly set-up Land Commission.
Enniskillen is the county town and largest in both size and population.
Famous people born, raised in or living in Fermanagh.
The waterways are extensively used by cabin cruisers, other small pleasure craft and anglers.
Colombia's proximity to the equator influences its climates.
The Guajira Peninsula in the east is semiarid.
Rainfall varies by location in Colombia, tending to increase as one travels southward.
Executive power is carried out by the government.
The country's capital is a separate capital district and elects its own representatives.
It also possesses significant amounts of nickel, gold, silver, platinum, and emeralds.
The government is supporting the development of ethanol production.
Long term plans include building a national high-speed train network, to vastly improve competitiveness.
Colombia's mobile market is one of the fastest-growing businesses in the country.
Colombia is still far behind Brazil, Mexico, and Argentina in terms of online usage.
Privatization, however, has had negative impacts as well.
Rail transport in Colombia remains underdeveloped.
The Colombian military has its roots in the independence war against the Spanish Empire.
The Colombian Army has been the main military branch involved in the Colombian conflict.
What is now Colombia and Panama emerged as the Republic of New Granada.
Colombia has signed free-trade agreements with Chile, Mexico, and Venezuela.
Colombia subsequently withdrew some of its reservations, most notably a reservation on extradition.
The Cabinet shall make its decisions as a body.
Political system of the Czech Republic is a multi-party system.
The president is a formal head of state with limited specific powers.
Inflation is under control.
Investors also worried the republic's economic transformation was far from complete.
Today, this heritage is both an asset and a liability.
It has of motorways.
Prague has an underground rapid transit system, the Prague Metro.
The Czech Republic has, in total, of roads.
At the same time, the forces were modernized and reoriented towards a defensive posture.
They are not intended to serve abroad.
Bulgaria has an embassy and an honorary consulate in Prague.
This membership represents a milestone in the country's foreign policy and security orientation.
Both countries are full members of the European Union.
It is done indoors and out, on natural and manmade structures.
Those members of the outgoing Executive who opposed the change comprised a quorum.
Supporters of the disaffected members established the Concerned Group for Republican Prisoners.
The alert turned out to be a hoax.
It remains one of the most commonly taught interpretations of quantum mechanics.
Instead, it posits that probability, and discontinuity, are fundamental in the physical world.
Common competition policy is also helpful to avoid competition deficiency.
It is the third stage of economic integration.
Customs unions are established through trade pacts.
There are European Youth Centres in Budapest, Hungary, and in Strasbourg.
Most offices in foreign countries are expected to be closed as well.
English and French are its two official languages.
The body's purpose is to define the general "impetus" of the Union.
If the Council accepts these amendments then the legislation is approved.
The Secretariat is divided into seven directorates-general, each administered by a director-general.
An apocryphal British newspaper headline supposedly once read, "Fog in Channel; Continent Cut Off".
The term "mainland Europe" is also sometimes used.
Derivatively, the adjective "continental" refers to the social practices or fashion of continental Europe.
If one axiomatizes relations instead of functions, one obtains the theory of allegories.
Categorical equivalence has found numerous applications in mathematics.
A "natural transformation" is a relation between two functors.
Atrial bradycardias are divided into three types.
This is thought to be caused by changes in the vagal tone during respiration.
Bradycardia is also part of the mammalian diving reflex.
However, the Senate did eventually pass the bill, regardless.
The day also became more casual and family oriented.
It met with stronger resistance in the Senate.
Sometimes medication for diabetes, high cholesterol, or high blood pressure are also used.
Rates are higher among men than women of a given age.
One explanation is microvascular dysfunction.
Relatively few chemical applications use caesium.
From this mixture, the lithium was precipitated by ammonium carbonate.
Caesium hydroxide is a very strong base, and will rapidly corrode glass.
Centuries are numbered ordinally in English and many other languages.
Its adjectival form is centennial.
The same system is used informally in English.
The Liberal Democrats and Plaid Cymru formed a partnership administration.
Official estimates derived from the census regarding the city's total population have been disputed.
His son, Henry Fielding Dickens, described Dickens as someone who "possessed deep religious convictions".
The term Scrooge became a synonym for miser, and his dismissive exclamation 'Bah!
It was he who suggested that Charley Bates should be redeemed in "Oliver Twist".
They are predominantly made from both steel and aluminium.
Fans call a less extreme literary technique that erases one episode the reset button.
Sometimes a work of fiction may deliberately employ continuity errors, usually for comedy.
The majority of European countries have signed and ratified it.
Usually, compensation and shunning were enough as a form of justice.
This conflicts with the universally guaranteed right to be presumed innocent until proven guilty.
This embodies all art forms, the sciences, and philosophies.
They have, however, been paralleled by cultural movements in the Orient and elsewhere.
This current article covers western, notably European and American cultural movements.
These form when carbon group hydrides react or when heavier versions of carbenes react.
Tellurium compounds are mostly used in optical disks, electronic devices, and solar cells.
The nickel-containing enzyme carbon monoxide dehydrogenase catalyses this process.
This is especially perilous for high-altitude fighter pilots.
Bicarbonate ions are crucial for regulating blood pH.
Both relationships featured sexual tension that spanned many episodes.
They eventually turned to the East Coast and finally Boston.
For the final season, Tom Anderson and Dan O'Shannon acted as the showrunners.
All of these are examples of imitative counterpoint.
Lastly a double passing tone allows two dissonant passing tones in a row.
However, according to Knud Jeppesen: Bach's and Palestrina's points of departure are antipodal.
The Nernst equation explains this process.
It attaches to the iron within this protein.
The cyanide anion is a ligand for many transition metals.
Exceptions include lithium, sodium, potassium and ammonium carbonates, as well as many uranium carbonates.
Other minerals have been proposed which would fit the observations.
Crucially, this same buffer operates in the oceans.
A catalyst works by providing an alternative reaction pathway to the reaction product.
In biology, enzymes are protein-based catalysts in metabolism and catabolism.
A catalyst may participate in multiple chemical transformations.
The circumference of a circle is of special importance in geometry and trigonometry.
The circumference of a circle is the distance around it.
These uses include but are not limited to radians, computer programming, and physical constants.
The quantity of interest in this case is the entropy.
The displacement of a body has two components: a rigid-body displacement and a deformation.
The first and the second are harmonised in traditional Westminster forms of government.
John Entick's house was searched and ransacked by Sherriff Carrington.
Constitutional law is a major focus of legal studies and research.
The spread to Cape Breton and Patagonia occurred in modern times.
Proponents of each schema dispute the accuracy and usefulness of the other's categories.
Eska sees Cisalpine Gaulish as more akin to Lepontic than to Transalpine Gaulish.
By defining a color space, colors can be identified numerically by coordinates.
Papilio butterflies possess six types of photoreceptors and may have pentachromatic vision.
Most light sources are mixtures of various wavelengths of light.
The study of computation is paramount to the discipline of computer science.
Gualtiero Piccinini proposes an account of computation based in mechanical philosophy.
Individual prop stunts are generally considered individual bits.
The Heyoka plays the role of a backwards clown, doing everything in reverse.
Classically the whiteface character instructs the auguste character to perform his bidding.
The white flowers are highly scented.
Cycling suffers from a perception that it is unsafe.
The drivetrain components of the bike should also be considered.
This will thin out over the course of the ride.
Starch and sugar are the important carbohydrates in our diet.
It is composed of one D-glucose molecule and one D-fructose molecule.
Organisms typically cannot metabolize all types of carbohydrate to yield energy.
"Virginia" did not emerge from the battle unscathed, however.
Hence "the Battle of the "Monitor" and the "Merrimac".
Both amidship Dahlgrens nearest the boiler furnaces were fitted-out to fire heated shot.
Church members may also reserve meetinghouses at no cost for weddings, receptions, and funerals.
The president heads a hierarchical structure with various levels reaching down to local congregations.
Non-tax-exempt corporations of the church include Bonneville International and the Deseret News.
Whatever molecules are transferred to or from should be considered part of the "system".
Understanding this is perhaps a "thought experiment" in chemical kinetics, but actual examples exist.
Some reaction may occur in a battery even if no external current is flowing.
The church's seminary program will retain the current four-year rotation of study.
This applies to adding new scripture.
This record contains points of church doctrine and direction on church government.
The church rapidly gained a following, who viewed Smith as their prophet.
She can be married by law, but not sealed in the temple.
The Bible is more literary than historical.
Thus, Abraham, Moses, David, and all Christians today are saved by the same faith.
Early Preterist theologians included Eusebius and John Chrysostom.
This section has amenities similar to those of the Scout Seats section.
Comiskey Park ushers eventually offered free admission to Rozdilsky.
Properly used, casuistry is powerful reasoning.
Furthermore, he asserted that casuistry is the goal of ethical investigation.
The controversy divided Catholic theologians into two camps, Rigorists and Laxists.
Chinese input methods predate the computer.
The user enters pronunciations that are converted into relevant Chinese characters.
The pinyin method can be learned rapidly but its maximum input rate is limited.
The people elect the auditor, municipal court clerk, municipal court judges and city attorney.
Currently, Columbus does not have any type of passenger rail service.
It is one of the "Big Five" major orchestras in the United States.
Cleveland is split between two congressional districts.
The African-American avant garde poet Russell Atkins also lived in Cleveland.
Within each diocese are local parishes.
The Thirty-nine Articles are the church's only official confessional statement.
Since the English Reformation, the Church of England has used a liturgy in English.
Her brothers were Aeetes, keeper of the Golden Fleece, and Perses.
On hearing of this, Odysseus died of grief.
After burying Odysseus, Circe made the others immortal.
Only the Boston and Maine Railroad had more.
The "Steam Boat" was a fast, direct connecting train between Toronto and Port McNicoll.
The thinking prevailed that the prairies had great potential.
One of the most regarded is the Baddeley and Hitch model of working memory.
E.g., most people have a schema for waiting in line.
Attention tends to be either visual or auditory.
This produces a visible atmosphere or coma, and sometimes also a tail.
The detection was made by using the far-infrared abilities of the Herschel Space Observatory.
However, the strong tidal forces they experience often lead to their fragmentation.
Anaerobic digestion is process for converting organic waste into biogas.
The technique often uses effective microorganisms.
When properly managed, there should be no ground contamination from leachate.
The unit cell contains six formula units.
The record has since been surpassed by certain synthetic boules.
It also occurs in low silica igneous syenite and nepheline syenite intrusives.
The Nukanti Foundation works with street children in Colombia.
However, free former slaves now felt abandoned.
Bimba's Regional style overshadowed traditional capoeiristas, who were still distrusted by society.
Terra preta, an anthropogenic, high-carbon soil, is also being investigated as a sequestration mechanism.
The additional units make it easier for them to achieve their target emission levels.
Ongoing research aims to speed up similar reactions involving alkali carbonates.
Tupper believed that a form of limited federation was possible and desirable.
Tupper was outraged and petitioned the British government, asking them to recall Mulgrave.
This position also became an integral part of the Conservative platform.
Some people, however, consider this tantamount to censorship.
It also issued an exemption order committing to a policy of non-interference.
However, the exact classification varies between countries.
Water systems are affected by coal mining.
An overview of coal liquefaction and its future potential is available.
Indian monks introduced surgery in China.
It is primarily used as a complementary alternative medicine approach.
Sometimes, some details are neglected.
A chemical bond is an attraction between atoms.
A less often mentioned type of bonding is "metallic" bonding.
Global warming results in redistributions.
Earth has undergone periodic climate shifts in the past, including four major ice ages.
The deputies of Mayotte abstained.
Denard was taken to France and jailed.
Soilih began with a set of solid socialist ideals designed to modernize the country.
Like Grande Comore, it retains stands of rain forest.
Several mammals are unique to the islands themselves.
The Comorian population has become increasingly urbanized in recent years.
Although Islamic culture is firmly established throughout, a small minority are Christian.
Migration among the various islands is important.
The Union of Comoros abolished the position of Prime Minister.
President Assoumani Azali of Grande Comore is the first Union president.
The president and his vice-presidents are elected for a term of four years.
Telephone service, however, is largely limited to the islands' few towns.
The Comoros possesses of road, of which are paved.
Its harbor could accommodate vessels of up to eleven meters' draught.
There is also a harbor at Fomboni, on Mwali.
Regional relations generally were good.
France maintains a small troop presence in the Comoros at government request.
Probably the most common payload for worms is to install a backdoor.
For example, the effects of changes in social activity or user behavior.
The use of a firewall is also recommended.
These generate the same languages.
These languages are also known as the "recursively enumerable" or "Turing-recognizable" languages.
They generate exactly all languages that can be recognized by a Turing machine.
Color tubes use three different phosphors which emit red, green, and blue light respectively.
Phosphors are available with persistences ranging from less than one microsecond to several seconds.
By varying this voltage a variable persistence is obtained.
The same group of atoms can often solidify in many different ways.
For more details on geological crystal formation, see above.
Mosaicity is a spread of crystal plane orientations.
The nucleoside of cytosine is cytidine.
When found as the second base in a codon, the third is always interchangeable.
It is widely used in the design of new drugs and materials.
This is the case in conformational studies of proteins and protein-ligand binding thermodynamics.
Many self-sufficient exist.
Do Not Publish!
Ballard meets Vaughan after being involved in a car accident himself near London Airport.
C is an imperative procedural language.
C has also been widely used to implement end-user applications.
The evaluations may even be interleaved.
The cell theory states that all living things are made up cells.
In recent years, there have been many studies which question the cell theory.
Scientists have struggled to decide whether viruses are alive or not.
A combined license for both parts was also sold.
A simplified map view is available to improve performance on slower computers.
Especially large are those in Indonesia, Korea and Nigeria.
For Reformed Christians, such a belief denies that Christ actually became human.
Members of these churches formed co-operatives to help the impoverished masses.
Observe that in that theorem can be replaced with any countably infinite set.
A "set" is a collection of "elements", and may be described in many ways.
For an elaboration of this result see Cantor's diagonal argument.
The two compounds, ephedrine and pseudoephedrine, are diastereomers, or stereoisomers that are not enantiomers.
They have different names because, as diastereomers, they have different chemical properties.
It is often in association with the role of a religious official or devotee.
The general view on sexuality among the early Jewish Christians was quite positive.
Protestant celibate communities have emerged, especially from Anglican and Lutheran backgrounds.
It was disbanded after the end of the war.
Smaller or less powerful parties can be intimidated to not openly disagree.
There are no majority winner of those elections and coalition governments are inevitable.
Key concepts are presented below.
Both courses, however, simply merged chemistry and engineering subjects.
Chemical engineers "develop economic ways of using materials and energy".
Following is a list of comedians, comedy groups, and comedy writers.
A continuous image of a compact space is compact.
Euclidean space itself is not compact since it is not bounded.
There are pseudocompact spaces that are not compact, though.
The feminine form is Clodia.
After this, a cowed Cicero concentrated on his literary works.
According to Plutarch, Herennius first slew him, then cut off his head.
Cicero became a popular leader during the period of instability following the assassination.
His main task was to levy and collect tax.
As noted above, Bologna already had consuls at some parts of its Medieval history.
The capitouls of Toulouse were granted transmittable nobility.
It is the most familiar of the theories of physics.
Every conservative force has a potential energy.
This page gives a summary of the most important of these.
Censors could also remove unworthy members from the Senate.
There were minimum intervals between holding successive offices and laws forbade repeating an office.
This later changed, and both Plebeians and Patricians could stand for Curule Aedileship.
Evidence for the movement of continents on tectonic plates is now extensive.
The idea was moonshine, I was informed.
Other geologists also believed that the evidence that Wegener had provided was not sufficient.
After those recordings the group started to move towards a softer sound.
They have recorded a live album Commodores Live!
We almost became 'The Commodes!
Collagen has a wide variety of applications, from food to medical.
For instance, it is used in cosmetic surgery and burn surgery.
These include his babysitter, the school bully, his school teacher and the school principal.
Watterson also lampooned the academic world.
Only eight libraries in the world hold a copy of the book.
The Campaign also organises the annual Great British Beer Festival in August.
It is governed by a voluntary unpaid national executive, elected by the membership.
The aim of the Revitalisation Project is to review the organisation's purpose.
The neutrinos escape from the star carrying away some energy.
This subdominant branch is significant only for massive stars.
The lowest single roll bet can be a minimum one unit bet.
A don't come bet is played in two rounds.
Both dice must be tossed in one throw.
In military academies, schools, and universities worldwide, Clausewitz's literature is often mandatory reading.
If such a conflict did occur, presumably both combatants would be annihilated.
Forms preceded with comma and at-sign are "spliced" in.
When a generic function is called, multiple-dispatch will determine the effective method to use.
Common Lisp has been designed to support incremental compilers, file compilers and block compilers.
Color codes do present some potential problems.
The notions above are not as unfamiliar as they might at first appear.
Clearly, any sequence with a modulus of Cauchy convergence is a Cauchy sequence.
Nonetheless, such a limit does not always exist within "X".
Although Jews have their own Hebrew calendar, they often use the Gregorian calendar.
Furthermore, several style guides now prefer or mandate its usage.
The story became national news and drew opposition from some politicians and church leaders.
He also founded Windlesham House School at Brighton, England.
Malden was born in Putney, Surrey, son of Jonas Malden, a surgeon.
After his return he left active service but remained at half pay.
This declaration was part of the reorganization of the Soviet Union.
It campaigned for the recognition of Chechnya as a separate nation.
Insurgency in the North Caucasus continued even after this date.
Originally, persons were recognized as saints without any formal process.
The reforms were intended to reduce the adversarial nature of the process.
This process is often referred to as "local canonization".
Carboxylic acids are polar.
They are the most common type of organic acid.
Many carboxylic acids are produced industrially on a large scale.
A group of Old Catholics opposed the decrees of the Council of Trent.
The city has become overgrown and many types of animals live there.
The Chernobyl Hasidic dynasty had been founded by Rabbi Menachem Nachum Twersky.
Mixing red light and cyan light at the right intensity will make white light.
The web color cyan is synonymous with aqua.
A typical formulation of "process cyan" is shown in the color box at right.
Cream has many culinary uses in sweet, bitter, salty and tangy dishes.
Whey cream has a lower fat content and tastes more salty, tangy and "cheesy".
Energy sources include hot filament, microwave power, and arc discharges, among others.
These different factors affect the diamond's hardness, smoothness, conductivity, optical properties and more.
High temperatures translate to an increase of the rate of reaction.
It is the world's highest full-circle, hands-free walk.
It killed three people and caused extensive damage.
This caused serious problems for tourists to access the tower.
It is not possible to evaluate "f" anywhere else.
This can happen when the derivatives are measured directly.
The same formula holds as before.
In general, a verifier does not have to be polynomial-time.
Hence, the problem is known to need more than exponential run time.
He had no children by either marriage.
He never again held regular employment.
Hoping to make money, Peirce tried inventing.
For a real heat engine, the total thermodynamic process is generally irreversible.
This derivation is carried out in the next section.
It also acts as a cooler and hence can also act as a Refrigerator.
Guatemala has the largest economy in the region.
Poverty, social injustice and violence are still widespread.
In general topological spaces, there is no notion of nearness or distance.
Thus it is a continuous function, too.
The same is true of the minimum of "f".
A vector field whose curl is zero is called irrotational.
Using the right-hand rule, we expect the curl to be into the page.
Gauss plunged into a depression from which he never fully recovered.
Apart from his correspondence, there are not many known details about Gauss' personal creed.
Among other things he came up with the notion of Gaussian curvature.
Recent developments include Cornish music, independent films, and children's books.
Gwenno Saunders is a multilingual Welsh-born musician and a Cornish speaker.
English language has had some effect in this development.
Opposite her was Scylla, another sea monster, that lived inside a much larger rock.
Odysseus faced both Charybdis and Scylla while rowing through a narrow channel.
Only metals in lower oxidation states will complex with carbon monoxide ligands.
Methanol is produced by the hydrogenation of carbon monoxide.
Carbon monoxide is an industrial gas that has many applications in bulk chemicals manufacturing.
Perelman completed this portion of the proof.
Few number theorists doubt that the Riemann hypothesis is true.
An analogous result has been known in higher dimensions for some time.
He trained as a painter in his native country.
When Claudius' disability became evident, the relationship with his family turned sour.
He was seen as vulnerable throughout his reign, particularly by elements of the nobility.
These measures had the effect of clearing out the docket.
The Cantor set is the prototype of a fractal.
The original paper provides several different constructions of the abstract concept.
Since it is never in one of the middle segments, it is never removed.
In fact, the class of cardinals is a proper class.
In category theory, the cardinal numbers form a skeleton of the category of sets.
Above, "cardinality" was defined functionally.
However, such an object can be defined as follows.
If the axiom of choice holds, the law of trichotomy holds for cardinality.
DeMille made seventy features.
Audiences liked its highly saturated color, so DeMille made no further black-and-white features.
In that respect, he was better than any of us.
It exists in various forms throughout East Asia and Southeast Asia.
Several Hui restaurants serving Chinese Islamic cuisine exist in Los Angeles.
The reason for this difference is due to availability of the ingredients.
This is often due to alleged health benefits of certain animal products.
Some dishes are standard while others are regional.
Salt and pepper dishes are one of the few spicy dishes.
Influences they bring can be noted in Singaporean cuisine and that of other settlements.
It is made from soybean oil, garlic, shallots, chilies, brill fish and dried shrimp.
This can be shown as follows.
Yeager was foremost a fighter pilot and held several squadron and wing commands.
Despite his lack of higher education, he has been honored in his home state.
Any airplane I name after you always brings me home.
Popular local varieties include hamburger steak, smothered rabbit, turkey necks, and chicken fricassee.
Also, Cocktail sauce, mayonnaise and hot sauce are sometimes used.
This is also a great pre-Acadian dish, established by the Spanish in Louisiana.
The city also has the most pubs per capita in Germany.
Japanese Buddhist sects generally believe that Buddha ate meat.
There are many legends about tea.
Many Buddhist restaurants also serve vegetarian, vegan, non-alcoholic or allium-free dishes.
Sinai, where Tischendorf discovered it.
Coolidge's speech was the first presidential speech to be broadcast over the radio.
President Franklin D. Roosevelt later appointed Stone to be chief justice.
Perhaps the most contentious issue of Coolidge's presidency was relief for farmers.
It is often seen as the key document regarding sustainable development.
The "National Biodiversity Centre" of Singapore represents Singapore in the Convention for Biological Diversity.
It links traditional conservation efforts to the economic goal of using biological resources sustainably.
The current parties to the Convention are shown on the map.
The same applies for specimens of Appendix I plants artificially propagated for commercial purposes.
Countries that signed the Convention become Parties by ratifying, accepting or approving it.
These discussions are usually among the most contentious at CoP meetings.
The Convention contains ten articles and one Annex on the Consultative Committee of Experts.
These sets are disjoint because "P" is a prefix-free set.
Let "P" be the domain of a prefix-free universal computable function "F".
Every computable number is definable, but not vice versa.
The order relation on the computable numbers is not computable.
Every computable number is arithmetical.
An old name for direct current was "galvanic current".
Electric current produces a magnetic field.
In still others, the current is entirely due to positive charge flow.
Ancillon was born in Metz into a distinguished family of Huguenots.
Smith spent the next two years nursing his father through his last illness.
Lovecraft's circle of correspondents; Smith knew them far earlier than Lovecraft.
It was Smith who in fact later introduced Donald Wandrei to Lovecraft.
The languages generated by these grammars are also the full class of context-sensitive languages.
"Weakly equivalent" here means that the two grammars generate the same language.
Context-sensitive is one of the four types of grammars in the Chomsky hierarchy.
Most of the discussion consists of attempts to refute it.
The centerpiece of the argument is a thought experiment known as the Chinese room.
He writes that we must presuppose the reality and knowability of the mental.
The distance between any of the points and the centre is called the radius.
The origins of the words "circus" and "circuit" are closely related.
A polygon that is both cyclic and tangential is called a bicentric polygon.
The cardinals of the Church are collectively known as the College of Cardinals.
Teodolfo Mertel was among the last of the lay cardinals.
During the Western Schism, many cardinals were created by the contending popes.
Support for this theory can be found in the prologue of the Cantigas.
Several transcriptions exist.
The most common are the "virelai" and the "rondeau".
The choir had been neglected and the administration overlooked.
Monteverdi also received commissions from other Italian states and from their communities in Venice.
Alan Turing's use of probability in cryptanalysis contributed to its design.
Currently the Ekati and Diavik mines are actively mining kimberlite diamonds.
Many of Canada's major ore deposits are associated with Precambrian volcanoes.
This is one of the largest-known meteorite impact craters on Earth.
The most popular platform is comiXology.
Authors largely focus on the frame of the page, size, orientation, and panel positions.
Historians generally divide the timeline of the American comic book into eras.
Every path-connected space is connected.
This implies that in several cases, a union of connected sets "is" necessarily connected.
The union of connected sets is not necessarily connected.
Human skeletal muscle cells have more than one nucleus, as do eukaryotes like fungi.
A second model proposes that proto-eukaryotic cells evolved from bacteria without an endosymbiotic stage.
This quality-control mechanism is important due to these molecules' central role in protein translation.
Now, she brings gifts to all children.
The Egyptian deity Horus, son to goddess Isis, was celebrated at the winter solstice.
Contractive maps are sometimes called Lipschitzian maps.
A contraction mapping has at most one fixed point.
Contraction mapping plays an important role in dynamic programming problems.
Pairs of electrons located between atoms represent covalent bonds.
Normally, two or more different monomers are used in the reaction.
Nylon is another common condensation polymer.
Condensation polymerization is occasionally used to form simple hydrocarbons.
It operates the PeakRadar website to communicate city events.
A number of state highways serve the city.
The city is currently experiencing some growth mainly in the service sectors.
Many professional certificates have the same curriculum as master's degrees in the same subject.
Lawyer conduct with regard to specialty certification is regulated by the states.
In many other countries, certificates are qualifications in higher education.
His mother, Caroline, was the daughter of a wealthy Bohemian merchant.
He had two brothers, Anton and Max, both prominent as lawyers.
Rather, he wrote, goods are valuable because they serve various uses whose importance differs.
This list includes only notable cartoonists and is not meant to be exhaustive.
These were among the six civilizations worldwide that arose independently.
Some non-civilized people may willingly adapt to civilized behaviour.
Some focus on historical examples, and others on general theory.
The competition is what makes the game fun and the players play their best.
Another game that partially clones Civilization is a public domain game called "C-evo".
'I do not practice religion in accordance with the sacred rites.
I have made mysterious Nature my religion.
He also became a lifelong friend of fellow student and distinguished pianist Isidor Philipp.
He graduated from Macalester College in Saint Paul.
Various academics give various definitions of the term.
He also doubts the concept that cultural agents are passive receivers of information.
In Can the Subaltern Speak?
Many important processes involve photochemistry.
Chemical reactions are determined by the laws of thermodynamics.
Noble gases themselves are chemically inactive.
The area forms a water divide, more dramatically at regional flood stage.
It broadens considerably as it approaches its mouth, where it is about wide.
The isthmus is across, with undulating ground, nowhere over high, with swamps and marshes.
The dynasty had a crucial role in the formation of the French state.
A cadet branch is a line of descent from another line than the senior-most.
The early Capetians had an alliance with the Church.
This projection is conformal, preserving angles but not areas or lengths.
The edges of a cuboctahedron form four regular hexagons.
In a hexagonal close-packed lattice they correspond to the corners of the triangular orthobicupola.
The highest octahedral symmetry O has all the faces the same color.
The cube is dual to the octahedron.
The first and third correspond to the A and B Coxeter planes.
Tehran Metro currently has a commuter line between Tehran and Karaj.
The Dar es Salaam commuter rail offers intracity services in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.
Most such trains run on the local standard gauge track.
The city of Cambridge is the county town.
Some of the secondary schools act as Village Colleges, institutions unique to Cambridgeshire.
See the List of Cambridgeshire settlements by population page for more detail.
He is remembered today for Goldbach's conjecture.
He also proved a result concerning Fermat numbers that is called Goldbach's theorem.
The "census" was first instituted by Servius Tullius, sixth king of Rome.
The consequence of such a nota was only "ignominia" and not "infamia".
Let be a set in a real or complex vector space.
A set that is not convex is called a "non-convex set".
A set is called absolutely convex if it is convex and balanced.
Homes, roads, electricity, telephone and sewer services were all suddenly in short supply.
The majority of the nation's commerce is generated there, or passes through the city.
Greater Cairo's volatile aromatic hydrocarbon levels are higher than many other similar cities.
This motivates mathematical interest in jerk systems.
It also occurs spontaneously in some systems with artificial components, such as road traffic.
Robotics is another area that has recently benefited from chaos theory.
Cupolas often appear as small buildings in their own right.
They often serve as a belfry, belvedere, or roof lantern above a main roof.
In other cases they may crown a spire, tower, or turret.
In the Philippines, another legendary creature called the Sigbin shares many of chupacabra's descriptions.
There are reports of stray Mexican Hairless Dogs being mistaken for chupacabras.
Another common description of the chupacabra is of a strange breed of wild dog.
The southern end is also shallow and often freezes during the winter.
The lake has one small island near Union Springs, Frontenac Island.
Settlements along the west shore of the lake include Sheldrake, Poplar Beach, and Canoga.
Columbia University is home to a rich diversity of undergraduate, graduate, and professional publications.
The library design is neo-classical in style.
The plan commits to incorporating smart growth, new urbanism and "green" building design principles.
It can be tough, flexible, and sometimes rigid.
In bacteria, the cell wall is composed of peptidoglycan.
Both wood and bark cells of trees have secondary walls.
Western astrology uses the four classical elements in connection with astrological charts and horoscopes.
Similar lists existed in ancient China, Korea and Japan.
He reasoned that Aristotle's four element theory appeared in bodies as three principles.
Fire is one of the four classical elements in ancient Greek philosophy and science.
It was commonly associated with the qualities of energy, assertiveness, and passion.
Many of these associations have since spread throughout the occult community.
The Watchtowers derive from the Enochian system of magic founded by Dee.
Blood was the humor identified with air, since both were hot and wet.
In ancient Greek medicine, each of the four humours became associated with an element.
The elemental weapon of water is the cup.
Each of the elements has several associated spiritual beings.
It was commonly associated with qualities of heaviness, matter and the terrestrial world.
I had this misty, autumnal, boggy mood anyway, so I just went with that.
Three series were produced, with a total of eighteen episodes.
Other staff include deputy editor Catherine Bray and production editor Helen Byrne.
The full logo is still occasionally used, but primarily for print advertising.
The tag 'Learning' is located directly beneath the logo.
The legs and feet were light brown.
The face and entire body was green, with paler underparts.
Treatment is hardly effective when everybody is traumatized.
The whole society may suffer from an everlasting culture of pain.
There is no magic formula of rehabilitation.
The common style was much like the gothic style, but in a simplified way.
I am the light of the world.
Many gothic churches contain features from the romanesque era.
The original, now broken, socket stone for the cross lies nearby.
The moorman also said that they had lettering on their undersides.
Childe became separated from the main party and was lost.
In etymology, the "cognate" category excludes doublets and loanwords.
Less-obvious English-language doublets are "grammar" and "glamour".
Some cognates are semantic opposites.
This is sufficient for some pyrolysis applications.
Columns are often manually prepared.
Operating parameters are adjusted to maximize the effect of this difference.
At first, Clement Doke was frustrated by his inability to communicate with the Lamba.
He was recruited by the newly founded University of the Witwatersrand.
Clement assumed his father's role.
Meinhof developed a comprehensive classification scheme for African languages.
Leaves are exstipulate alternate simple palmately lobed or palmately compound.
The fruit is often a kind of modified berry called a pepo.
The genus name comes from the Classical Latin word "cucurbita", "gourd".
See also the on-screen virtual keyset at Teague Labs.
Currently stenotype machines hold the record for fastest word entry.
EkaPads are no longer manufactured at this writing.
She also served as senior vice president of Walt Disney Records.
Beug was a Latter Day Saint.
On the plane with her was her mother, Mary Alice Wahlstrom.
Inside of the cell are extensive internal sub-cellular membrane-bounded compartments called organelles.
Cells are the foundation of all organisms, they are the fundamental unit of life.
As a result several French and English words are used interchangeably.
On the other hand, certain non-Canadian accents demonstrate Canadian raising.
Attitude studies on Canadian English are somewhat rare.
In Czech syntax, adjectives precede nouns.
The latter two diphthongs and the long are exclusive to loanwords.
In all words of more than two syllables, every odd-numbered syllable receives secondary stress.
The majority of viruses have capsids with either helical or icosahedral structure.
An elongated, stretched-out, shperical capsid is characterisitc of the prolate shape.
The capsid faces may consist of one or more proteins.
Treatments are available but expensive.
Common side effects include bone marrow suppression, nausea, and diarrhea.
It is available as a generic medication.
The film opened at Oxford Street's Cinephone cinema and had a disturbing reaction.
South African poet Sinclair Beiles also used this technique and co-authored "Minutes To Go".
Gysin introduced Burroughs to the technique at the Beat Hotel.
Thought and reflexes are slower.
Congenital hypothyroidism can be endemic, genetic, or sporadic.
Ovulation is impeded, and infertility is common.
No attempt was made to introduce it into England.
Martin Luther wrote the Smalcald Articles in preparation for the general council.
The priesthood of the New Testament takes the place of the Levitical priesthood.
Some chloroplasts contain a structure called the chloroplast peripheral reticulum.
There are some common misconceptions about the outer and inner chloroplast membranes.
Fucoxanthin is also found in haptophyte chloroplasts, providing evidence of ancestry.
Since it was built, every president has made use of the retreat.
The Great Rhea was a constellation of the Bororo of Brazil.
The Bakairi people of Brazil had a sprawling constellation representing a bird snare.
Crux boasts four Cepheid variables that reach naked eye visibility.
The traditional name "Deneb Kaitos" means "the whale's tail".
Cetus has been depicted many ways throughout its history.
The constellation of Argo was introduced in ancient Greece.
Epsilon Carinae and Upsilon Carinae are double stars visible in small telescopes.
Accordingly, many distant galaxies are visible within its borders.
One year later, Jakob Bartsch featured it in his atlas.
This policy had two main objectives.
By the early nineteenth century, this policy of isolation was increasingly under challenge.
Internally, the treaty had far-reaching consequences.
Between these stars and Sirius lie Omicron, Omicron, and Pi Canis Majoris.
At the southern limits of the constellation lie Kappa and Lambda Canis Majoris.
Alternative names include Canis Sequens and Canis Alter.
Canis Minor contains only two stars brighter than fourth magnitude.
It appears prominently in the southern sky during the Northern Hemisphere's winter.
There are two faint deep sky objects within the constellation's borders.
Some Polynesian peoples considered the stars of Centaurus to be a constellation as well.
The following twenty are a sample of articles of confirmed and well-documented impact sites.
In physical terms, a shock wave originates from the point of contact.
In most circumstances, the transient cavity is not stable and collapses under gravity.
T Coronae Borealis is a cataclysmic variable star also known as the Blaze Star.
Five star systems have been found to have Jupiter-sized exoplanets.
Corona Borealis is home to two remarkable variable stars.
There are several bright stars in Cygnus.
Cygnus also contains several other noteworthy X-ray sources.
There are several asterisms in Cygnus.
A nutritional requirement or consumption is often expressed in calories per day.
Accordingly, several different precise definitions of the calorie have been used.
The precise conversion factor depends on the definition adopted.
Corona Australis' location near the Milky Way means that galaxies are uncommonly seen.
The name combines the Arabic name of the constellation with the Latin for "southern".
Similarly, the Romans called Corona Australis the "Golden Crown of Sagittarius".
It is sometimes confused with nearby Sugarloaf Mountain.
Sunny days are recommended for optimal viewing.
The easiest way starts from Park Lage.
The club organises an annual Cheddar Rugby Tournament.
The civil parish includes the hamlets of Nyland and Bradley Cross.
Cheddar also has a friendship link with Ocho Rios in Saint Ann Parish, Jamaica.
This was done because the apparent value increased.
The plastic is allowed to cool and harden.
This extra data is stored in subcode channels R-W.
When writing, his gaunt form looked ridiculous enough.
In his correspondences with Twain, Browne called him My Dearest Love.
He is buried at Elm Vale Cemetery in Waterford, Maine.
Francis Baily shortened this name to "Caelum", as suggested by John Herschel.
This star system consists of a dim red dwarf and a white dwarf.
The modern clarinet developed from a Baroque instrument called the chalumeau.
The use of quarter-tones requires a different embouchure.
The German population was expelled from the region.
During the Napoleonic wars there were more epidemics.
The stars of Canes Venatici are not bright.
Canes Venatici contains five Messier objects, including four galaxies.
It can even be seen with the naked eye under particularly dark skies.
It is named after the chameleon, a kind of lizard.
The other bright star in Chamaeleon is Delta Chamaeleontis, a wide double star.
There are four bright stars in Chamaeleon.
In vertebrates, hepatic cells typically produce the greatest amounts.
Cholesterol is susceptible to oxidation and easily forms oxygenated derivatives known as oxysterols.
Human breast milk also contains significant quantities of cholesterol.
However, asexual species can be either haploid or diploid.
His two principles were the "continuity" of chromosomes and the "individuality" of chromosomes.
In some cases, there is significant variation within species.
The attempt eventually failed after a few days, when locals freed the Pope.
In this period, the Colonna started claiming they were descendants of the Julio-Claudian dynasty.
They are historically military strongholds, free ports, oil ports, and also fishing ports.
A single road border checkpoint allows for cars to travel between Morocco and Ceuta.
The official currency of Ceuta is the euro.
Not all types of electromagnetic radiation are carcinogenic.
It is based in Lyon, France.
These include hormones and some organic compounds.
For example, he painted two rail-mounted coastal guns, one in conventional style, one countershaded.
Swaying is seen also in some insects, like Macleay's Spectre stick insect, "Extatosoma tiaratum".
Camouflage can be achieved by different methods, described below.
Atomic clocks are primary standards, and their rate cannot be adjusted.
This provides power to keep the clock going.
Steinmetz was a lifelong agnostic.
Steinmetz is a major character in the novel "Electric City" by Elizabeth Rosner.
He also serves as a major character in Starling Lawrence's "The Lightning Keeper".
He divided Francia between his sons Carloman and Pepin.
He brought back the Agilolfing princess Swanachild, who apparently became his concubine.
Pepin was able to unite all the Frankish realms by conquering Neustria and Burgundy.
Jones was born in Clinton, Indiana.
He was survived by his wife Jeanette.
Moreover, the size of the grain boundaries scales directly with particle size.
A few methods use a hybrid between the two approaches.
According to Wu Xing theory, the structure of the cosmos mirrors the five phases.
This translation arose by false analogy with the Western system of the four elements.
It should be recognized that the word "phase", although commonly preferred, is not perfect.
Those who receive a certificate are authorized to teach.
Its functions and restrictions are defined by the Manual.
In addition, there is a special, shortened Lesson-Sermon for Thanksgiving Day.
In Bridgeport, General Electric produced a significant new weapon to combat tanks: the bazooka.
The western boundaries of Connecticut have been subject to change over time.
However, Giles refused to resign as Chief Minister following the vote.
Anderson was appointed Minister for Indigenous Advancement.
She sat with the Liberals in the House.
Much of the legislative style was adapted from the Roman Law Code of Justinian.
Since the Reformation, ecclesiastical courts in England have been royal courts.
Canonical jurisprudential theory generally follows the principles of Aristotelian-Thomistic legal philosophy.
A monastery was erected, Mehrerau Abbey, and the brethren observed their regular life.
Before Boniface responded, Columbanus moved outside the jurisdiction of the Frankish bishops.
Columbanus stayed in Bregenz for about one year.
The current mayor is Jim Bouley.
Concord is drained by the Merrimack River.
Penacook Lake is in the west.
Vegetative reproduction usually takes place by fragmentation.
Some algae may store food in the form of oil droplets.
Pyrenoids contain protein besides starch.
In law, coercion is codified as a duress crime.
Another example is coercive persuasion.
The client sends a request, and the server returns a response.
Unlike clients in a client-server or client-queue-client network, peers communicate with each other directly.
To prevent abuse and maximize availability, server software may limit the availability to clients.
It is conterminous with the Dublin Region and is in the province of Leinster.
The regional capital is Dublin City which is also the national capital.
Since these attributes are unique to God, anything with these attributes must be God.
Then, the question What was there before the Universe?
His disciple Proclus stated "The One is God".
See Saxomat and Variomatic.
An example of this is the dog clutch, most commonly used in non-synchromesh transmissions.
On motorcycles the clutch is operated by a hand lever on the left handlebar.
Lillie stated, It just makes the physics of it all, in my opinion, impossible.
However, cows only sleep lightly while standing up, and they are easily awakened.
Cows may tip themselves inadvertently.
Cassandra foresaw the destruction of Troy.
The Trojan people stopped her before she could do so.
Cassandra saw Helen coming into Troy at Paris' return home from Sparta.
The Poetic epigram is also in the couplet form.
Poems may use white space to mark out couplets if they do not rhyme.
Similarly, Shakespearean sonnets often employ rhyming couplets at the end to emphasize the theme.
Charlotte used the school as the basis for Lowood School in "Jane Eyre".
"Jane Eyre" had immediate commercial success and initially received favourable reviews.
Six weeks later "Jane Eyre: An Autobiography" was published.
According to Gunnar Urang, co-inherence is the focus of all Williams's novels.
Williams gathered many followers and disciples during his lifetime.
Williams was reluctant to leave his beloved city, and Florence refused to go.
It can also be ground up and used in salads.
The leaves are used as seasoning; the small, fibrous stalks find only marginal use.
Leaf celery is most likely the oldest cultivated form of celery.
Their dress in short was very like that of the Cistercians.
Paul V was a notable benefactor of the order.
The order became extinct in the eighteenth century.
Best known for small, piston-powered aircraft, Cessna also produces business jets.
The aircraft was landed safely.
It became the most produced airplane in history.
For this he was criticized in some emigre circles.
The Trosses ultimately died during the Warsaw Uprising.
Carnivores may alternatively be classified according to the percentage of meat in their diet.
Carnivoramorphs are currently the dominant carnivorous mammals, and have been so since the Miocene.
These are mostly inscriptions in the Roman and sometimes Greek alphabets.
In general, classical writers referred to the inhabitants of Britain as Pretannoi or Britanni.
The Celts also expanded down the Danube river and its tributaries.
He used bright colours in dabs and dashes and squiggles of paint.
As Monet's wealth grew, his garden evolved.
Both this painting and a small landscape were hung.
The Senate abolished the colony some time later, to undermine Gracchus' power.
The city's location made it master of the Mediterranean's maritime trade.
The hired workers might be considered 'rural proletariat', drawn from the local Berbers.
The Chinese remainder theorem can be generalized to any commutative ring, using coprime ideals.
That is, we may "divide by "b" when working modulo "a".
It directs the operation of the other units by providing timing and control signals.
The main advantage of the microprogram control unit is the simplicity of its structure.
The sizes, names, and tunings of the cello varied widely by geography and time.
Performers may be asked to sight read orchestral music.
An Atlanta-based trio, King Richard's Sunday Best, also uses a cellist in their lineup.
This register is known as a pipeline register.
The control store usually has a register on its outputs.
In most designs all of the other bits also go through a register.
It is widely thought that the Monymusk Reliquary is the object in question.
It is also said that Clan Robertson are heirs of Columba.
The study of Latin learning and Christian theology in monasteries flourished.
Conditional proofs are of great importance in mathematics.
Similarly, the Riemann hypothesis has a large number of consequences already proven.
The rule makes it possible to introduce a conjunction into a logical proof.
English is spoken as a first or second language in most of the Commonwealth.
A distinctive East African English is spoken in countries such as Kenya or Tanzania.
It contains elements of British English and American English, as well as many Canadianisms.
What they do get is a fleeting reprise of McCarry's great creation, Paul Christopher.
McCarry is an admirer of the work of W. Somerset Maugham, especially the stories.
The book does not approach his better grownup fiction.
The origin of the name "Cimbri" is unknown.
Henri Hubert states "All these names are Celtic, and they cannot be anything else".
Instead, they pursued their route, and Marius followed them.
The Browns' official colors are brown, orange and white.
However, that was the only highlight for the Browns that night.
It has me dazed.
The smaller size and lighter weight of carbines make them easier to handle.
The rest can carry lighter, shorter-ranged weapons for close-quarters combat and suppressive fire.
The lower-powered round would also weigh less, allowing a soldier to carry more ammunition.
When the food was not prepared with the right sauce, man would not eat.
There is no limit for alcohol, before a man gets drunk.
They should be aware of what they say, and refrain from eating too much.
But other influences emerge from Romanian folk art traceable through Byzantine and Dionysian traditions.
Geometric patterns of the region are seen in his later works.
This includes five figures sculpted by Sluter.
The White Pine Trail's northern terminus is in Cadillac.
It is a coed Seventh Day Adventist school.
The Constitutional system of checks and balances has not adequately controlled intelligence activities.
They began to train out of military bases in the United States.
Many released documents have been partly, or entirely, redacted.
The development of hypersonic missiles systems is, however, problematic from a geopolitical perspective.
Guidance systems also vary greatly.
Guidance systems can vary across missiles.
Butterfly species include the swallowtail butterfly.
The Cretan mountains and gorges are refuges for the endangered lammergeier vulture.
A large number of islands, islets, and rocks hug the coast of Crete.
"Note:" Provinces no longer hold any legal status in Greece.
The largest island of the Cyclades is Naxos.
Sites were looted and a brisk trade in forgeries arose.
The sensors are designed using quantum physics.
Many functions are unique to the application.
There are, however, typical functions which are found in many computer vision systems.
Lunch is often dal and rice with some side dishes.
Most curries are water based, with occasional use of dairy and coconut milk.
The largest population of feral camels is in Australia.
Dromedaries have a pad of thick tissue over the sternum called the "pedestal".
Secondly, renal corpuscles have a smaller diameter, which reduces surface area for filtration.
The Chaldeans once more faded into obscurity for the next three decades.
The expression "mat Bit Yakin" is also used, apparently synonymously.
He completely rebuilt Babylon and brought peace to the region.
Currying and partial function application are often conflated.
Currying is useful in both practical and theoretical settings.
However, each argument can be replaced sequentially as well.
Most notably it refers to Cyrus the Great.
The modern Persian form of the name is Koorosh.
The name has appeared on many monuments and inscriptions in Old Persian.
Also, the results of displaying such a model can be called a rendering.
The term "rendering" may be by analogy with an "artist's rendering" of a scene.
A particular set of related techniques have gradually become established in the rendering community.
Over the years Chaosium has published many acclaimed and award-winning games.
The team does not own this facility.
The team hosts its annual training camp at Wofford College in Spartanburg, South Carolina.
Richardson looked at four potential locations for a stadium, ultimately choosing uptown Charlotte.
The sketch also features the cast predicting unrealistic blowout victories for Bears games.
Luckman established himself as one of the franchise's most elite quarterbacks.
The Bears practice at adjoining facilities there during the season.
He added black as the secondary color.
He later signed with the Oakland Raiders.
The city's world-renowned zoo was also home to a rare white Bengal tiger.
The Imperial Government, forced to surrender, gave in to the demands of the British.
The British, Americans and French did this.
They fell in against themselves, however.
The last two playable characters are Frog and Magus.
Magic and special physical techniques are handled through a system called Techs.
Mitsuda has also appeared with the Eminence Symphony Orchestra as a special guest.
This reserve includes two ponds, as well as mixed broadleaved woodland.
The headquarters and offices are adjacent to the Trust's Five Acres nature reserve.
Consider the real line with its ordinary topology.
The construction also generalizes to locally ringed spaces.
For example, the field of real numbers.
Let "T"M" be the tangent space at "x".
Most Cnidarians also have a parallel system.
This combination prevents them from firing at distant or non-living objects.
However, the number of middle-layer cells and types are much lower than in sponges.
Later on, these ordinances became accepted and permanent on the practical level.
In Britain, the Masorti Assembly is chaired by Senior Rabbi Jonathan Wittenberg.
Conservative conception of Revelation encompasses an extensive spectrum.
That license did not meet either the open source or free software definitions.
With Stilgar's neutrality now untenable, he seizes Ghanima and flees.
Leto also fears that, like his father, he will be trapped by his prescience.
The twins anticipate and survive the Corrino assassination plot.
Candide and the two women flee the city, heading to the Americas.
It toured Australia and played at the Edinburgh International Festival.
Despite much official indictment, soon after its publication, "Candide"'s irreverent prose was being quoted.
The two escape in the giant no-ship, with Scytale, Teg and the Jews.
Lucilla refuses, and Dama ultimately kills her.
Murbella survives the ordeal and becomes a Reverend Mother.
The simple way to prioritize interrupts or bus access was with a daisy chain.
These simple bus systems had a serious drawback when used for general-purpose computers.
This was a waste of time for programs that had other tasks to do.
The main difference being that in Leap Frog the board is a square board.
It is not mandatory to make the most number of hops possible.
Games between top players are rarely decided by more than a couple of moves.
It was later joined in the suit by the Port Authority of New York.
She was subsequently fired for gross misconduct.
Growth typically slows once the toads reach sexual maturity.
The other site was located at the north end of the park.
Larger toads tend to be found in areas of lower population density.
A further difference is the more restrictive boundary-line rules of American croquet.
When a hoop is won, the sequence of play continues as before.
The sequence of play is blue, red, black, yellow.
A game may be conceded if considered unwinnable.
"Ailsa Craig Common Green" is a lesser quality granite than "Blue Hone".
This gives curling its nickname of "chess on ice".
Many rumours persist among Fulham fans of past tenants of Craven Cottage.
There is a large tapestry draped from the Cottage which says "Still Believe".
The roofing was financed through the sale of Alan Mullery to Spurs.
It is home to the University of Northern Iowa, a public university.
It was originally named Sturgis Falls, for the first family who settled the site.
There is also a private Catholic elementary school at Saint Patricks Church.
Indians' pitchers also set numerous strikeout records.
With Lajoie gone, the club needed a new name.
"Super Joe" Charbonneau won the American League Rookie of the Year award.
Many tourists also visit Cape Town's beaches, which are popular with local residents.
Cape Town has a well-developed higher system of public universities.
Although the games ultimately went to Athens, Cape Town came in third place.
The ballpark includes a manual scoreboard, ivy-covered brick walls, and relatively small dimensions.
But then a losing streak began just as a Mets winning streak was beginning.
The ballpark was called Wrigley Field of Avalon.
As quoted by The Independent: Coldcut's motto?
Robert Anton Wilson tribute show.
The area's climate, in large measure, determines the native foods that are available.
In addition, climate influences food preservation.
Asian cuisines are many and varied.
Lower bitrate codecs allow more users, but they also have more distortion.
A modem is a contraction of "modulator-demodulator".
He won't say whether or not any small natural satellites have been discovered.
She noted that he was a scientist.
He was cremated.
He supported his brother's efforts to settle the Jesuits in Transylvania.
Christopher visited England, France, Italy, Spain, and the Holy Roman Empire in his youth.
Distributions can also be browsed by author.
Perl comes with a small set of "core modules".
Authors maintain and improve their own modules.
He is honored at Coors Field alongside Helton and Robinson with his initials.
The vast system of Roman aqueducts also made extensive use of hydraulic cement.
As with any natural material, such cements have highly variable properties.
Use of the Kalina cycle during production can also increase energy efficiency.
Hume again led the bullpen as closer, joined by Bair and Joe Price.
A compromise was struck in which players were allowed to wear red shoes.
He has also made guest appearances throughout the season.
These traditions were brought from many different countries when they came to the Caribbean.
Ackee and saltfish is another popular dish that is unique to Jamaica.
Another popular dish in the Anglophone Caribbean is called "Cook-up", or pelau.
German Samoa was a German protectorate following the Tripartite Convention.
Russia and the Triple Entente declared war on the Ottoman Empire.
Toryism supported a hierarchical society with a monarch who ruled by divine right.
It became the New Korean Party.
Latin conservatism was less pragmatic and more reactionary than the conservatism of Burke.
His first book however became a major influence on classical liberalism.
Neo-classical liberalism has continued into the contemporary era, with writers such as John Rawls.
According to his Iron Law of Wages, wages could never rise beyond subsistence levels.
Cats are a cosmopolitan species and are found across much of the world.
Cats, like dogs, are digitigrades.
Although no species are sacred in Islam, cats are revered by Muslims.
These splits reflect evolutionary history as populations diverged and evolved independently.
The clade "rodent" is in turn included in the mammal, vertebrate and animal clades.
Kabul and Jalalabad have moderate number of listeners.
Broadcasts are in Dari, Pashto, English, Uzbeki and many other languages.
The drink is also often a metonym for the Coca-Cola Company.
The Holidays are coming!
Coca-Cola is rich in sugar, especially sucrose, which causes dental caries when consumed regularly.
A regular ordinal is an ordinal which is equal to its cofinality.
Any subset of "B" is also well-ordered.
The cofinality of any nonzero limit ordinal is an infinite regular cardinal.
The safe room on a ship is also called a citadel.
It was to be the last line of defense before the keep itself.
A similar example is the Citadella in Budapest, Hungary.
Game of Thrones makes use of mail, notably during the "Red Wedding" scene.
Mail may have been inspired by the much earlier scale armour.
According to Apollodorus, this was the twelfth and final labour imposed on Heracles.
Horace's many snake-headed Cerberus followed a long tradition of Cerberus being part snake.
Seneca, like Diodorus, has Heracles parade the captured Cerberus through Greece.
Common examples include "iPhone", "eBay", "FedEx", and "HarperCollins".
The precise origin of the convention in computer programming has not yet been settled.
However, mid-word capitalisation does not conform to German orthography.
Cool-season cereals are well-adapted to temperate climates.
The word "cereal" is derived from "Ceres", the Roman goddess of harvest and agriculture.
The first cereal grains were domesticated by early primitive humans.
Catholicism is the largest denomination, comprising just over half of Christians worldwide.
The latter advances made possible the dawn of the Age of Exploration.
The Church gradually became a defining institution of the Empire.
Humans aside, cougars and gray wolves are the coyote's only serious enemies.
Also, coyote scat tends to be smaller than wolf scat.
Eastern and red wolves are also products of varying degrees of wolf-coyote hybridization.
Indeed, his straightforward nature and barbarism are constants in all the tales.
A bit messy business, that.
Marker lived in Paris, and very rarely granted interviews.
Sounds such as these are claimed to be less common in the world's languages.
Three of the cardinal vowels-, and -have articulatory definitions.
Columbia's infrastructure was relatively untouched by the Civil War.
While White and Black remain the largest ethnicities, Asians are now the third-largest group.
Country music singer-songwriter Brett James is also a native of Columbia.
Charlton players Yann Kermorgant and Dale Stephens left the club soon after.
Yet the fans' respect for Powell saw him come under remarkably little criticism.
However, the deal later fell through.
Competitive cross-country skiing is one of the Nordic skiing sports.
Ski and Snowboard Association and Cross Country Ski Canada.
A variety of turns are used, when descending.
They were called "Umantuus", known as mermaids in Western culture.
The Copacabana promenade was designed by Roberto Burle Marx.
Houses and two-story buildings are rare.
Clayton Kershaw is the youngest pitcher to win a third Cy Young Award.
If two pitchers receive the same number of votes, the award is shared.
The first recipient of the Cy Young Award was Don Newcombe of the Dodgers.
The writings were directed at Christians who were being proselytized by Jews.
And bring them down O Lord.
But Nazism itself was not an inevitable outcome of Christianity.
Its first operational mission was delivery of disaster relief to Jamaica following Hurricane Dean.
It failed several key criteria during airworthiness evaluation tests.
Two complete airframes were built for static and repeated load testing.
Garbage collection frees the programmer from manually dealing with memory deallocation.
Incremental, concurrent, and real-time garbage collectors address these problems, with varying trade-offs.
Some high-level language computer architectures include hardware support for real-time garbage collection.
Among canids, only the gray wolf has widely been known to prey on humans.
These branches led to the borophagine and canine radiations.
The subspecies includes the domestic dog, dingo, eastern wolf and red wolf.
The current categorization of subspecies of "Canis lupus" is shown below.
Common names are given but may vary, as they have no set meaning.
To the southwest, across the Kopet Dagh, lies Persia.
The borders of Central Asia are subject to multiple definitions.
The history of Central Asia is defined by the area's climate and geography.
Couscous is served in many Maghrebi restaurants all over the world.
It is the national dish of the Maghreb countries.
It is then sprinkled with almonds, cinnamon and sugar.
Again, Magnentius withdrew, this time to southern Gaul.
Silvanus had surrendered to Constantius after the Battle of Mursa Major.
In fact, he even ordered the election of a priest for Africa.
The original settlement assigned Constans the praetorian prefectures of Italy and Africa.
Constans began his reign in an energetic fashion.
Constans was enjoying himself nearby when he was notified of the elevation of Magnentius.
Student cheerleaders compete with recreational-style routine at competitions year-round.
Many teams also attend separate tumbling sessions outside of practice.
The cheer, Hurrah!
His wife Polly, however, believed the photographs to be authentic.
It must be too hot for them there.
Two days later the girls took the last picture, "Fairies and Their Sun-Bath".
Estimates on Cheka executions vary widely.
Western communists adopted this clothing fashion.
Women and children were also victims of Cheka terror.
There is no general agreement on the issue.
The term "postlexical clitic" is used for this narrower sense of the term.
However, evidence from the Udi language suggests that they exist.
This means that the symbol does not appear in the resulting formal language.
Different context-free grammars can generate the same context-free language.
Cryonics depends on beliefs that the cryonics patient has not experienced information-theoretic death.
Writing in "Bioethics", David Shaw examines the ethical status of cryonics.
When used at high concentrations, cryoprotectants can stop ice formation completely.
European patents automatically become a bundle of "national" European patents upon grant.
It was not ratified by enough countries.
However, serious criticisms of the proposal remained mostly unresolved.
Some examples of the organisms that have been study are Tobacco, grapevine.
"Republic" is still an alternative translation of the traditional name of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
A number of Catalan-language institutions were created during its existence.
In a British context, it is sometimes referred to as the "Old Commonwealth".
The screws are then tightened and the drive is put back into its case.
Commodore copy protection sometimes depends on specific hardware configurations.
The heat generation was a frequent source of humour.
A player could carry the ball only when being pursued.
It was his last game as Clemson head coach.
This game is commonly referred to as the game that changed the south.
For some infections it is used in addition to other antibiotics.
Renal function and urinary pH should be monitored.
It was considered part of the doctrines of Lollardy.
Lollardy survived up until the time of the English Reformation.
Note that many algae previously classified in Chlorophyta are placed here in Streptophyta.
For example, "Chlamydomonas nivalis", which causes Watermelon snow, lives on summer alpine snowfields.
The lifespan of the capybara's sperm is longer than that of other rodents.
The young form a group within the main group.
They can make dog-like barks when threatened or when females are herding young.
Computer animation can be created with a computer and an animation software.
Other digital animation was also practiced at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory.
The location of the battle itself is unidentified.
The newcomers included Angles, Saxons, Jutes, and Frisians.
The usual translation for "imperium" is "overlordship".
Similarly, a gold reflective layer does not guarantee use of phthalocyanine dye.
Simply choosing a disc based on its dye type may be problematic.
Using a permanent marker pen is also a common practice.
One example of such an enclosed compartment is the proteasome.
For example, the mitochondrial matrix separates the mitochondrion into many compartments.
The cytosol is a complex mixture of substances dissolved in water.
It is an ideal state as well.
Citizenship status, under social contract theory, carries with it both rights and duties.
The obligations of citizenship were deeply connected with everyday life.
They are also taught how to make natural dyes from insects, and weaving techniques.
It is then served very cold with lots of ice.
Today, the situation has quieted but the tension remains, especially in very isolated communities.
The ownership of the building has changed several times.
Van Alen's original design for the skyscraper called for a decorative jewel-like glass crown.
The spire was delivered to the site in four different sections.
The visible scars from the impacts could be seen on Jupiter for many months.
The smaller fragments were probably destroyed before they even reached the cloud layer.
At smaller sites, temperatures higher than the surroundings persisted for almost two weeks.
It was part of Royal Unibrew.
Fewer than a dozen of the responses were in favor of the proposed standard.
The clause declares the format data is stored in.
The standardization process was also found to be slow and under-resourced.
A location in which a crew works is called a crewyard or a workyard.
Members of a crew are often referred to by the title "Crewman".
These three elements are mounted one close behind the other in the mentioned sequence.
This second method, reportedly, reduces smear, dark current, and infrared and red response.
Typically, this area is covered by a reflective material such as aluminium.
Virtual memory systems usually include protected memory, but this is not always the case.
There are two main kinds of semiconductor memory, volatile and non-volatile.
The Williams tube would nevertheless prove to be frustratingly sensitive to environmental disturbances.
Offices were located on the sixth floor of the Volunteer Building on Peachtree Street.
Advocates for gun control oppose the amendment and have tried to overturn it.
Within "Offices" are Centers, Divisions, and Branches.
White dwarfs resist gravitational collapse primarily through electron degeneracy pressure.
Frenkel's work, however, was ignored by the astronomical and astrophysical community.
However, he was unwilling to accept that this could happen.
Successful service as a deacon is often seen as preparation for the eldership.
Churches of Christ hold to the priesthood of all believers.
Later Mamluks were trained as cavalry soldiers.
First and foremost they remained the primary choice for confronting enemy cavalry.
In western Europe there emerged what is considered the "ultimate" heavy cavalry, the knight.
The cytosolic acetyl-CoA is used for fatty acid synthesis and the production of cholesterol.
Some differences exist between eukaryotes and prokaryotes.
These vehicles may be modified civilian equipment or purpose-built military vehicles.
Military engineers may also use civilian heavy equipment which was modified for military applications.
In some cases, these vehicles will also mount Mine-clearing line charges.
It also has many international synchronized swimming champions.
These two mountain ranges are the Coastal and the Pre-Coastal.
Constantine soon distinguished himself as a fire ship captain.
Constantine was left an orphan at a young age.
This declaration seems to have surprised Constantine, who was absent at Odessa.
Carl Sagan was born in Brooklyn, New York.
His mother, Rachel Molly Gruber, was a housewife from New York.
Science is not only compatible with spirituality; it is a profound source of spirituality.
Khrushchev had made the offer in a public statement for the world to hear.
The poor accuracy and reliability of the missiles raised serious doubts about their effectiveness.
Khrushchev held power for another two years.
The bees do not show any preference in color of the flowers.
Columbines have been important in the study of evolution.
Native Americans used very small amounts of "Aquilegia" root as a treatment for ulcers.
Reading larger chunks reduces the fraction of bandwidth required for transmitting address information.
A cache is made up of a pool of entries.
Digital signal processors have similarly generalised over the years.
The council consists of seven members.
The building consists of a one-story bank structure adjacent to a three-story office annex.
Tellers were behind iron bars and removed from their customers.
Each nozzle produces a characteristic temperature.
Cygwin was originally developed by Cygnus Solutions, which was later acquired by Red Hat.
This can be used with both local and remote programs.
This proved practical and a prototype was quickly developed.
It is the capital of Corinthia.
It is now used mainly for tourist traffic.
There was formerly a ferry link to Catania, Sicily and Genoa in Italy.
Colossae was located in Phrygia, in Asia Minor.
Colossae was populated by peoples of Greek and Hebrew origin.
Tradition also gives Philemon as the second bishop of the see.
She proceeded to do so, her first version being into verse.
The Charge of the Goddess is also known under the title "Leviter Veslis".
This prose version has since been modified and reproduced widely by other authors.
The sixth-grade graduate instructing Harvard students delighted Boston newspapers.
That same year, baseball fans named him to the Major League Baseball All-Century Team.
Young took part in many baseball events after his retirement.
Although there were large numbers produced, these items are becoming collectable by fans.
Tyrone and Kirsty immediately hit it off.
Sarah confided in Jason Grimshaw to finish him off.
The claim has been met with scepticism by Cambridge historian Mary Beard.
Caligula would mock Chaerea with names like "Priapus" and "Venus".
As a result, riots broke out in the city.
Other models include combinatory logic and Markov algorithms.
The success of the Church-Turing thesis prompted variations of the thesis to be proposed.
A well-known example of such a function is the Busy Beaver function.
William and Elsie were husband and wife.
Also, Judith is Noam's sister in-law.
Marvin is Noam's cousin.
Early multitasking systems used applications that voluntarily ceded time to one another.
Some systems directly support multithreading in hardware.
Over the years, multitasking systems have been refined.
His government donated money to build the Taipei Grand Mosque on Taiwan.
Chiang had uneasy relations with the Tibetans.
Ho Chi Minh would be one example.
The values in the table above are derived using this formula.
There is, however, no formula to calculate compression ratio based on cylinder pressure.
The appropriate compression ratio depends on the design of the cylinder head.
The penitent and humbled emperor did not remain in that state.
He owed his elevation to the influence of the Normans.
For the most part it was a no-win situation for Rome.
Context-free languages are closed under the following operations.
This set is context-free, since the union of two context-free languages is always context-free.
Caffeine can delay or prevent sleep, and improves task performance during sleep deprivation.
Non-regular caffeine users have the least caffeine tolerance for sleep disruption.
Cyclopedia is being developed; it superimposes Cyc keywords on pages taken from Wikipedia pages.
The concept names in Cyc are known as "constants".
In addition it contains a system for Ontology-based data integration.
He was a natural exponent of 'toque', keeping the ball moving.
Valderrama is married and has five children.
This article summarizes notable instances of cyborgs in fiction.
Cyborgs have also been present in real-time strategy video games.
Vader was once Anakin Skywalker, a famous Jedi turned to the Dark Side.
It is traditionally prepared tableside.
Cardini was opposed to using anchovies in his salad.
Recipes may omit the egg and produce a "Caesar vinaigrette".
'Ah, yes, I see!
Beaux mostly admired classic artists like Titian and Rembrandt.
Beaux recalled, They understood perfectly the spirit and necessities of an artist's life.
Francois plans to reestablish the Chrysler brand as an upscale brand.
At the same time, the DeSoto brand was introduced in the medium-price field.
The changes resulted in improved performance, reduced weight, and easier maintenance.
Another example of a bomb-damaged place having been restored is Staple Inn on Holborn.
Here, at Baltic Street West, is the most northerly extent.
This generally causes higher night-time minima than outlying areas.
It is pleasure separated from reproduction.
This differentiation begins about eight or nine weeks after conception.
Chicago is the largest hub in the railroad industry.
Manufacturing and retail and finance sectors became dominant, influencing the American economy.
The magnet school with the largest enrollment is Lane Technical College Prep High School.
Improved manufacturing technologies permitted usage of a lower Vcore.
Winstone ran various speed tests using several popular applications.
The designers foresaw that future applications would most likely maintain this instruction focus.
Since then six more editions have been published.
It is especially used in libraries in India.
Archives provide a substantial historical record which may challenge established notions of tradition.
In Brazil, handheld devices were used by enumerators to locate residences on the ground.
The sampling frame used by census is almost always an address register.
The area still preserves numerous large, handsome Cotswold Stone "wool churches".
This is a cuesta, in geological terms.
During the Middle Ages, Tetbury became an important market for Cotswold wool and yarn.
Stadio Marcantonio Bentegodi is a stadium in Verona, Italy.
The largest and noisiest of which is known as North Side.
It is also the home of Chievo Verona city rival Hellas.
This interrupt ensures that the scheduler will gain control to perform a context switch.
Modern architectures are interrupt driven.
Context switching can be performed primarily by software or hardware.
This can be applied to energy-healing, meditation, or martial arts.
However, depending on the meditational tradition, these vary between three and six.
Artificial cloning of organisms may also be called "reproductive cloning".
She later discovered that she was a clone.
Two commonly discussed types of theoretical human cloning are "therapeutic cloning" and "reproductive cloning".
Cellulose is also soluble in many kinds of ionic liquids.
Cellulose synthesis requires chain initiation and elongation, and the two processes are separate.
There is a United Nations list of Non-Self-Governing Territories.
Roman colonies first appeared when the Romans conquered neighbouring Italic peoples.
These were then painted as in the most famous Minoan palace of Knossos.
The shaft of a Doric Column is almost always fluted.
The Doric order is the oldest and simplest of the classical orders.
Carmilla had nocturnal habits, but was not confined to the darkness.
Laura, saddened by the loss of a potential friend, longs for a companion.
Bertha fell mysteriously ill, suffering the same symptoms as Laura.
It is often performed on intersex newborns.
The cancerous tissue is removed and the incision is closed.
Nor did Buckingham and Ashley get on very well with each other.
These enzymes are primarily involved in steroidogenesis and detoxification.
Cytochromes are, thus, capable of performing oxidation and reduction.
Tim Finn and Peter Jones both made guest appearances.
The artwork for "Pineapple Head" was created by Reg Mombassa of Mental As Anything.
Paul Hester returned to the band to play drums on the three new tracks.
She was also a mime, an actress and a journalist.
By this period Colette was frequently acclaimed as France's greatest woman writer.
The Colette Study Centre in France has numerous items related to Colette's life.
Through the marriage, the future artist Romare Bearden became Charles' cousin.
It wasn't the militancy that you saw later.
Later family portraits show Alston's exploration of religious symbolism, color, form and space.
Chromatin's structure is currently poorly understood despite being subjected to intense investigation.
The lysine amino acid attached to the end of the histones is positively charged.
The overall structure depends on the stage of the cell cycle.
More generally, condition numbers can be defined for non-linear functions in several variables.
The condition number is a property of the problem.
This almost resulted in wiping out all other cheese production in the country.
The column is normally seven diameters high.
It is commonly regarded as the most elegant of the three orders.
Her daughter Queen Mary the First called her "Quene Kateryn", in her will.
Catherine's religious dedication increased as she became older, as did her interest in academics.
It bears the title "Katharine Queen of England".
There were two theories.
This is the principle used in vacuum tubes to amplify electrical signals.
The positive ions are attracted to the cathode.
Cold cathodes may also emit electrons by photoelectric emission.
Hence, reduction at the cathode.
They leave behind the fixed positively charged dopants near the junction.
In analog television, chrominance is encoded into a video signal using a subcarrier frequency.
Examples include the Googleplex and the Apple Campus.
The field separated Princeton from the small nearby town.
The Microsoft Campus in Redmond, Washington is a good example.
A recurve crossbow is a bow that has tips curving away from the archer.
The limbs are usually much stiffer than those of a recurve crossbow.
Later, footstrapped versions became very popular among the Muslim armies in Iberia.
Carbamazepine is a sodium channel blocker.
Carbamazepine has been detected in wastewater effluent.
Common side effects include nausea and drowsiness.
The western churches readily accepted the creed, but some eastern churches did not.
It became standard orthodox doctrine.
All of the conservation laws listed above are local conservation laws.
This is called a "local conservation" law.
People will still be enjoying them years from now.
The brothers also had an official Animal-Vehicle Biologist and Wildlife Guru named Kieran Lindsey.
The hosts then thanked the caller for their return appearance.
In the following year, Theodoret of Cyrrhus assented to this formula as well.
Fearing the mob, they all did.
Abraham refused to entertain the idea.
Women's football is starting to gain attention in Canada.
The rules were an attempt to standardize the rules throughout the country.
Other organizations across Canada perform senior league Canadian football during the summer.
Month is the time between the dark moon.
After each New Year's Eve, add one year.
In a month, there are one to three solar terms.
This helps convert data into profits for the firm.
Many companies do not properly make use of this great amount of data, however.
These types of relationships can be both positive and negative.
The game is sometimes used as a fundraiser for charity.
Wagers are placed based on possible combinations that can appear on the three dice.
Chuck-a-luck is a game of chance.
Western chipmunks breed only once a year.
These small mammals fulfill several important functions in forest ecosystems.
Their activities harvesting and hoarding tree seeds play a crucial role in seedling establishment.
This creates a natural interface with the musician without need for coding musical algorithms.
Music produced with notation or sequencing software could easily be considered computer-aided composition.
Machine improvisation uses computer algorithms to create improvisation on existing music materials.
Later research expanded these results into everyday perception.
Kant declared that human minds possess pure or "a priori" concepts.
This view is particularly supported by psychological experimental evidence for prototypicality effects.
Competitions with age restrictions are listed under "Young musicians".
But the really right answer is, what if he is?
State Department analysts had found dozens of factual problems in drafts of the speech.
His approach has been dubbed the "Powell Doctrine".
Chlorophyll is essential in photosynthesis, allowing plants to absorb energy from light.
The removal of the electron from the chlorophyll is an oxidation reaction.
In these complexes, chlorophyll serves two primary functions.
Carotenes contain no oxygen atoms.
Carotenes contribute to photosynthesis by transmitting the light energy they absorb to chlorophyll.
It is also involved in the activation of protein kinases.
Little is known about Cimabue's early life.
He was born in Florence and died in Pisa.
Corporate power can also increase income inequality.
They control the process of determining a society's economic and political policies.
Now it is twice that average.
The works of most early Canadian painters followed European trends.
It is Canada's official national winter sport.
Canada has a national television channel, The Comedy Network, devoted to comedy.
The standard Cauchy distribution coincides with the Student's "t"-distribution with one degree of freedom.
They are equivalent when the degrees of freedom parameter is equal to one.
The first raw moment is the mean, which, being odd, does not exist.
This is known as open loop control.
Automatic control systems were first developed over two thousand years ago.
In most of the cases, control engineers utilize feedback when designing control systems.
It is spread mostly by insects known as Triatominae or kissing bugs.
Chagas disease is classified as a neglected tropical disease.
Chronic disease is diagnosed by finding antibodies for "T. cruzi" in the blood.
Barnard was celebrated around the world for his accomplishment.
His father, Adam Barnard, was a minister in the Dutch Reformed Church.
Such arrangements were more prevalent in the Southern states during the antebellum years.
Islam introduced legal restrictions to the concubinage and encouraged manumission.
Even in merchant families, concubinage was occasionally used to produce heirs.
The building uses a triangular floor plan.
The core was also of steelwork, designed to carry vertical load only.
Steel structure is more commonly adopted in high-rise building.
Whatever the details, it was a serious matter.
The whereabouts of the artwork are still unknown.
But he certainly had female lovers.
Carefully balanced composition, soft diffusion of light, and granular impasto characterize his work.
The version at Waddesdon Manor is the most elaborate.
Inside are a set of vanes which are mounted on a spindle.
This contrasts with sunlight, with which forward rotation can be maintained all day.
Cooling the radiometer causes rotation in the opposite direction.
Small and Prestwich contributed strong pop sensibilities.
Walker soon emerged as Cold Chisel's primary songwriter.
Enlisted reorganization elections disintegrated the army for two months.
They were unofficially interviewed, but neither secured official recognition for the Confederacy.
Local food production included grains, hogs, cattle, and gardens.
Many cocktails, including the Cosmopolitan, are made with cranberry juice.
Sanding is done every three to five years.
Production had outpaced consumption leading to substantial inventory in freezers or as concentrate.
Code coverage is one consideration in the safety certification of avionics equipment.
They both report a coverage metric, measured as a percentage.
Failure to test each possible parameter value may leave a bug.
Her family moved to Sewickley when she was ten.
Currently only three nations operate cruisers: the United States, Russia, and Peru.
The cruiser-destroyer force then withdrew, while the transport force continued towards Guadalcanal.
These ships could also function as flagships of torpedo boat flotillas.
Agents recommended during pregnancy include erythromycin or amoxicillin.
When symptoms do develop this can take a few weeks following infection to occur.
For severe nonrecurring cases, several doses of fluconazole is recommended.
Amphotericin B is another option.
The derivative term is used to provide damping or shaping of the response.
A deterministic control problem is not subject to external random shocks.
For this reason, closed loop controllers are also called feedback controllers.
Synovial fluid cavitation has some evidence to support it.
The contents of the resultant gas bubble are thought to be mainly carbon dioxide.
The common claim that cracking one's knuckles causes arthritis appears not to be supported.
Chemical formulas most often use integers for each element.
A left-hand subscript is sometimes used redundantly to indicate the atomic number.
For polymers in condensed chemical formulas, parentheses are placed around the repeating unit.
The parents prepare the carcass and protect it from competitors and from early decomposition.
The mandibles appear as large pincers on the front of some beetles.
Some Tenebrionidae use their posture for releasing noxious chemicals to warn off predators.
Air compression on the outer surfaces caused the cabin to heat up during flight.
At first, the new consortium intended to produce one long-range and one short-range version.
The intake design for Concorde's engines was especially critical.
Setting the bomb fuse was a problem.
Modern artillery is used in a variety of roles, depending on its type.
During the French Revolution, the unpopularity of the Directory led to riots and rebellions.
Most optical and laser mice do not require a pad.
Mouse vendors also use other extended formats, often without providing public documentation.
The ball mouse has two freely rotating rollers.
Each local civil defence service was divided into several sections.
This is a theoretical risk, and such weapons have not been used by terrorists.
Staffing a response is always full of problems in a civil defense emergency.
It is activated in the presence of trypsin.
This forms a tetrahedral adduct and breakage of the peptide bond.
This occurs in the oxyanion hole.
Hasty teams may be formed by whichever members are responding at the time.
This reduces the financial and human resource burden on the sponsoring agency.
This frees highly trained professional responders for more technical tasks.
Ships also use them to launch torpedoes and deploy bombs against submarines.
The Roman machine known as an arcuballista was similar to a large crossbow.
Until recently, catapults were used by thrill-seekers to experience being catapulted through the air.
Crapsey's American Cinquain form developed in two stages.
The Cook Islands is expanding its agriculture, mining and fishing sectors, with varying success.
These instruments did not include Aitutaki.
The islands are self-governing in "free association" with New Zealand.
Tom Davis is knighted.
New Zealand is tasked with overseeing the country's foreign relations and defense.
Christianity quickly took hold in the culture and remains the predominant religion today.
A census is carried out every five years in the Cook Islands.
The Koutu Nui is a similar organization consisting of sub-chiefs.
Jim Marurai's Democratic Party retained the Treasury benches with an increased majority.
The New Zealand High Commissioner is appointed by the New Zealand Government.
Manufacturing activities are limited to fruit-processing, clothing, and handicrafts.
This "Home Rule" banking confuses New Zealanders on vacation in the Cooks.
However, most residents have a main line or mobile phone.
The medium Earth orbit satellite orbits at and uses the K band.
There are six radio stations in the Cook Islands, with one reaching all islands.
Another protection mechanism implemented in many computers is a read-only flag.
The archive file must often be unpacked before next using.
In Unix-like operating systems, many files have no associated physical storage device.
During the Hungarian Revolution, he fled to Vienna.
There is a facsimile edition with an English translation by Alec Eden.
Some confusion exists about Doppler's full name.
The line length and metre are irregular.
There has been newfound popularity of the form on Twitter.
Together with his schoolfriends, he filled a notebook with examples.
Few interventions, for them, have demonstrated such an approach.
Ann Hironaka further specifies that one side of a civil war is the state.
The two major global ideologies, monarchism and democracy, led to several civil wars.
See also: for an exhaustive list.
Chocolates that are organic or fair trade certified carry labels accordingly.
Chocolate also contains anandamide.
White chocolate contains cocoa butter, sugar, and milk, but no cocoa solids.
These are most often large-bore instruments with a rich mellow sound.
Other influential jazz cornetists include King Oliver, Bix Beiderbecke, Ruby Braff and Nat Adderley.
The Shepherd's Crook model is preferred by cornet traditionalists.
Boylston and Mather's inoculation crusade "raised a horrid Clamour" among the people of Boston.
Douglass felt that inoculation caused more deaths than it prevented.
All recovered in about a week.
Linebarger was a noted East Asia scholar and expert in psychological warfare.
These features may place Smith's works within the Dying Earth subgenre of science fiction.
Kidd's Whig backers were embarrassed by his trial.
Both accounts agree that most of Kidd's men now abandoned him for Culliford.
These passes call the extent of Kidd's guilt into question.
Calreticulin is located in storage compartments associated with the endoplasmic reticulum.
The term "Mobilferrin" is considered to be the same as calreticulin by some sources.
As a result, completely stone crannogs supporting drystone architecture are common there.
In some instances, more than one structure was built on crannogs.
Organic remains are often found in excellent condition on these water-logged sites.
That is, using this format textual orderings and chronological orderings are identical.
The number of days between two dates may be calculated.
If this is not the current date, then to update it.
Examples can be found across Europe and in the Middle East.
Several cists are sometimes found close together within the same cairn or barrow.
As a subgroup, it is always characteristic, but is not necessarily fully characteristic.
The elements of the center are sometimes called central.
As centralizers are subgroups, this again shows that the center is a subgroup.
The assembly reflected the range of views of the officers who nominated it.
However, there were no widespread reforms of the common law.
High taxes, mainly to pay the Army, were resented by the gentry.
Evers popularized the slogan, Hands that picked cotton can now pick the mayor.
Evers died at the hospital in Jackson.
I'm tired of being out front.
The following example demonstrates how each user's signal can be encoded and decoded.
The figure shows how a spread-spectrum signal is generated.
Convolution encoding and interleaving can be used to assist in recovering this lost data.
These are often promoted by religious media and at religious gatherings.
Most content control software is marketed to organizations or parents.
Some libraries use Internet filters on computers used by children only.
Lacking a significant passage, they are a form of gallery grave.
The cairns at Balnuaran of Clava are of a similar date.
The Orkney-Cromarty group is by far the largest and most diverse.
Occasionally barley whisky is also used for flavouring.
Canadian whisky is recognized internationally as an indigenous product of Canada.
This is a productive ending, as evidenced in the recent coin, "signage".
The English endings "-age" and "-ade" often signify a collective.
Sometimes, the relationship is easily recognizable: baggage, drainage, blockade.
The "solidus" was also a Roman weight unit.
In the past, each country had its own carat.
It was often used for weighing gold.
In street sections, the stop is integrated with the pavement.
The trams will be used between Therapia Lane and Elmers End.
A map has been released showing the planned route.
The spring is assumed to stretch in accordance with Hooke's Law.
Another roulette, formed by rolling a line on a catenary, is another line.
The catenary produced by gravity provides an advantage to heavy anchor rodes.
Black-body radiators are the reference by which the whiteness of light sources is judged.
Gray mixed with yellow, orange, or red is a "warm gray".
Because this light is often greenish, a magenta filter may correct it.
Political cartoons are like illustrated editorial that serve visual commentaries on political events.
Thomas won the lawsuit and restored his reputation.
Books with cartoons are usually reprints of newspaper cartoons.
The office is the equivalent of a State Premier.
He is the first Chief Minister to have been born in the Northern Territory.
Cisplatin and derivatives include cisplatin, carboplatin and oxaliplatin.
These drugs are cell cycle-specific.
These drugs promote microtubule stability, preventing their disassembly.
Closely related are colonial and anti-imperialist narratives.
There are several problems associated with imposing Marx's European-based framework on Chinese history.
This next generation became professional historians, training and teaching in universities.
But for democracy to be implemented, and functioning properly, there needs to be centralization.
It is also a political party of the parliamentary system, not a revolutionary party.
This counts as informal power.
There is nothing metallurgically significant about ambient temperature.
Normally, when an item is quenched, the final temperature is ambient.
Cryogens, such as liquid nitrogen, are further used for specialty chilling and freezing applications.
He is the brother of artist Damian Elwes and film producer Cassian Elwes.
His stepfather, Elliott Kastner, was an American film producer.
Elwes has Croatian Jewish, English, Irish, Serbian, and Scottish ancestry.
He graduated from Woodrow Wilson High School in Beckley.
He earned a degree in speech at West Virginia University.
When using his title, he is normally styled as Lord Haden-Guest.
I rarely joke unless I'm in front of a camera.
Guest spent parts of his childhood in his father's native United Kingdom.
Her family is Jewish, and her grandparents emigrated from Russia.
She earned two Emmy Awards for her work in the series.
She starred alongside Keira Knightley, Elisabeth Moss and Ellen Burstyn.
'C' stood for 'closed'.
The involution is pointwise conjugation.
More generally, one can consider finite direct sums of matrix algebras.
Croydon is in the commuter belt to London as part of suburbia.
Sport Croydon, is the commercial arm for leisure in the borough.
Public transport is co-ordinated by Transport for London.
They are continuously changing due to solar and planetary perturbations.
There are different definitions used in group theory and ring theory.
Commutators are used to define nilpotent and solvable groups.
The above definition of the conjugate of by is used by some group theorists.
The stones may have been thought to deter grave robbers and scavengers.
Cairns are also common on the Mediterranean island of Corsica.
A more sinister explanation is that they were to stop the dead from rising.
The torsion subgroup of an abelian group is a fully invariant subgroup.
Every subgroup of a cyclic group is characteristic.
However, not every normal subgroup is characteristic.
Provincial laws in Canada allow class actions.
It does not apply to any other civil law proceeding.
The effects of the new law will be monitored over the next five years.
This claim when made by the imposed party is known as the impossibility defense.
Newspapers cannot be closed because of their content.
Yawning in some cases can be considered contempt of court.
For example, there are certain statutory exceptions.
We made a mistake but look what happened someone was assaulted.
Common line afterward whether you were baited or goaded you still did it.
John Mortimer, Queen's Counsel, observed that "cross-examination" was not the art of examining crossly.
At Versailles, they learned of the September Massacres in Paris.
However, it had good short field performance, horizontal manoeuvrability, range and endurance.
No trace of the pilot has been found to date.
There were two heavy sheets of steel behind the pilot's head and back.
This stance is often referred to as "non-creedalism".
Several creeds have originated in Christianity.
Within Evangelicalism, the terms "doctrinal statement" or "doctrinal basis" tend to be preferred.
The bearlike character of Artemis herself was a feature of the Brauronia.
Callisto later gave birth to Arcas.
Upon this, the goddess was enraged and changed her into a beast.
The softness of the cookie may depend on how long it is baked.
Factory-made cookies are sold in grocery stores, convenience stores and vending machines.
A general theory of cookies may be formulated this way.
Initially, different server software would use different ways to exchange this information with scripts.
The content at the top of a Wikipedia page depends on this information.
The server software must then pass this information through to the script somehow.
The largest regional population base from which they draw is the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex.
Industries have included automotive parts, greeting cards, direct mail and printing, and plastic-molding.
Pushmataha warned Tecumseh that he would fight against those who fought the United States.
The idea of "affinity" is extremely old.
Many attempts have been made at identifying its origins.
"Chemical affinity", historically, has referred to the "force" that causes chemical reactions.
Bopp did not own a telescope.
He alerted the Central Bureau for Astronomical Telegrams through a Western Union telegram.
Hale-Bopp showed the highest ever linear polarization detected for any comet.
Cholistanis now sell the wool for it brings maximum profit.
Local soil is very fine, thus most suitable for making pottery.
The fields of architecture, sculpture, terra cotta, and pottery developed greatly in this phase.
The list survives in the Poppleton Manuscript, a thirteenth-century compilation.
Constans then took control of his deceased brother's realm.
Constantine, proclaimed "Augustus" by the troops received Gaul, Britannia and Hispania.
Constantine was engaged in military operations and was killed in an ambush outside Aquileia.
Following the events at Scone, there is little of substance reported for a decade.
They are reported to have been divided between two rival leaders.
The battle was remembered in England a generation later as "the Great Battle".
It made little difference, however, as loyal citizens opened the rear gates to Constantine.
The battle was brief: Maxentius' troops were broken before the first charge.
He lived there for a good portion of his later life.
This implies it is platform agnostic.
But it does not allow for adding new members to interfaces.
To date the award has always gone to a member of the winning side.
It was a forty over game with eight balls per over.
Within each group, the teams played each other in a round-robin format.
They are held once every two years, although this pattern has twice been interrupted.
The meetings originated with the leaders of the self-governing colonies of the British Empire.
All of these pre-Qin texts were written in classical Chinese.
The literate elite therefore shared a common culture and set of values.
Outsourced call centres are often located in developing countries, where wages are significantly lower.
The various challenges encountered by call operators are discussed by several authors.
The companies are preferring Virtual Call Centre services due to cost advantage.
They are not organized scientifically by object type, or even by location.
It was named after a cemetery found in "area H" at Harappa.
Gini was a proponent of organicism and applied it to nations.
However, he never supported any measure of exclusion of the Jews.
This he organised as a single centre for Italian statistical services.
Quality control inspects all of the finished reman crankshafts for internal and external mistakes.
But high performance crankshafts, billet crankshafts in particular, tend to use nitridization instead.
Next the technician performs a finished crankshaft grinding procedure.
The brain is encased in the skull, and protected by the cranium.
The cerebellum lies behind the pons.
The two structures of the diencephalon worth noting are the thalamus and the hypothalamus.
M and S do not vary much.
Thus removing the need for cellular checkpoints.
Movement originates in the body's core.
In some dances the separation distance between the partners remains pretty constant.
Until then, the dancers must match pressures without moving their hands.
Farmers and artisans have been, claims Richter, distinct castes.
The texts do not mention any separate, untouchable category in "varna" classification.
The socially isolated Cagots were endogamous, and chances of social mobility non-existent.
"Minder" could be quite uncompromising in its use of obscure forms without any clarification.
For example, the word "Aris" is often used to indicate the buttocks.
All the animals produced were reared exclusively on the range.
The European breed used in the formation of Canchim cattle was Charolais.
From this herd originated the dams and sires utilised in the program of crossbreeding.
The previous year, Brezhnev's health began to deteriorate.
Between Congresses, the Central Committee functioned as the Soviet leadership's source of legitimacy.
It was responsible for indoctrinating youths in communist ideology and organizing social events.
They say that their Christian conversion did not instantly change their sexual desires.
Organizations for homosexual Christians exist across a wide range of beliefs and traditions.
Reflecting this position, some pastors, for example, have shown openness in public statements.
There is a wide range of opinions as to how the languages are interrelated.
Cushitic was traditionally seen as also including the Omotic languages, then called West Cushitic.
However, it is more often included within the Cushitic branch.
Further, creditors may file with the court seeking relief from the automatic stay.
It provides additional tools for debtors as well.
All creditors are entitled to be heard by the court.
History is similarly controversial.
During mitosis, spindle fibers attach to the centromere via the kinetochore.
Humans do not possess telocentric chromosomes.
A telocentric chromosome's centromere is located at the terminal end of the chromosome.
The Latin word "Castellum" means reservoir, water tank.
Both a Windows-based or Mac-based interface were made for both home and professional use.
It was originally developed by Russian program designer Alex Kunadze.
The ceramic package was more expensive, but it dissipated heat more effectively than plastic.
Some games, particularly adventures, used high level scripting languages.
The first graphical character-based interactive environment is "Club Caribe".
An interesting map will no doubt engage a reader.
A non-native term for a place is referred to as an exonym.
Cardiac glycosides also vary in the groups attached at either end of the steroid.
Nevertheless, by carefully controlling the dosage, such adverse effects can be avoided.
Normally, these sodium-potassium pumps move potassium ions in and sodium ions out.
Gayatri Chakravorty Spivak's Can the Subaltern Speak?
The word "colony" comes from the Latin "colonia"-"a place for agriculture".
The French claimed that it was to restore order there.
Raja's symbol is an eagle and Wydad's symbol is a goose.
Cross shapes are made by a variety of physical gestures.
Crossing the fingers of one hand is a common invocation of the symbol.
Another complex ion enzyme is catalase, which decomposes the cell's waste hydrogen peroxide.
Coordination compounds are vital to many living organisms.
Early well-known coordination complexes include dyes such as Prussian blue.
Initially the business supplied leather and "shoe findings" to shoe repairers.
Coleco continued to do well in electronics.
The company transitioned next into handheld electronic games, a market popularized by Mattel.
Each ColecoVision console shipped with two controllers.
These hardware expansion modules and accessories were sold separately.
One million Telstar units were sold.
Thus, culture has replaced the state as the locus of war.
These cultural forces will not contend with state-based armies in the traditional way.
The majority of modern wars have been conducted using the means of conventional warfare.
According to legend, French soldier Nicolas Chauvin was badly wounded in the Napoleonic wars.
He speculated on hydrocarbons, hydrofluoric acid, and ammonia as possible alternatives to water.
Silicon, on the other hand, interacts with very few other types of atoms.
However, silicon has several drawbacks as an alternative to carbon.
The earth-diver is a common character in various traditional creation myths.
In emergence myths humanity emerges from another world into the one they currently inhabit.
There are no entirely satisfactory solutions to this dilemma.
In folklore, it is believed to ward off vampires, incubi, succubi, and other evils.
Crucifixes are common in most other Italian official buildings, including courts of law.
At the time of the Reformation, Luther retained the crucifix in the Lutheran Church.
In some sense, it is equivalent to the mediocrity principle.
These two conditions make up the cosmological principle.
The Copernican Revolution dethroned Earth to just one of many planets orbiting the Sun.
Other "rasborines" are apparently distributed across the diverse lineages of the family.
These are among the most basal lineages of living cyprinids.
It was one of the first products of wireless web service.
A company named OmniSky provided service for Palm V devices.
Equipment for this service now has little to no residual value.
Creatures of statute may include municipalities and other artificial legal entities or relationships.
The United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority is an example.
Australia also uses the term "creature of statute" to describe some governmental bodies.
Spike leaves the "Bebop" after saying a final goodbye to Faye and Jet.
The musical style was emphasized in many of the episode titles.
Upon infiltrating the syndicate, he finds Vicious on the top floor of the building.
The third book covers asceticism.
Prayer, and the relationship between love and knowledge are then discussed.
There is then a digression to the subject of theological epistemology.
It is psychologically difficult to think "I do not exist".
He claimed that one simply cannot doubt the proposition "I exist".
This was expected, as he was not used to crowds up until then.
In this period Barks dabbled in fine art, exhibiting paintings at local art shows.
William's anxiety over them was probably what caused his first nervous breakdown.
Gauss chose the units of millimetre, milligram and second.
However, modern hand calculators and personal computers have eliminated this "advantage".
Paul's Christology has a specific focus on the death and resurrection of Jesus.
In Greek, this has at times been translated as "Kyrios".
A foremost contribution to the Christology of the Apostolic Age is that of Paul.
The defendants have limited time to respond, depending on the State or Federal rules.
A minor's name of the petitions should be replaced with initials.
She had a significant place in Casimir's life.
The kingdom was depopulated and exhausted by war, and the economy was ruined.
Complex systems tend to be high-dimensional, non-linear, and difficult to model.
The first of these stages, known as "Brahmacharya," roughly translates as chastity.
Reason, will and desire can harmoniously work together to do what is good.
Chastity means not having any sexual relations before marriage.
This glow is strongest in the microwave region of the radio spectrum.
As the universe expanded, both the plasma and the radiation filling it grew cooler.
This is the source of the alternative term "relic radiation".
Montesquieu is generally regarded as an early founding figure of comparative law.
It is for these reasons cyberspace has been described as the ultimate tax haven.
Images are supposed to form the positive volume that delineates the empty space.
The Passamaquoddy Nation inhabited the northwestern coastal regions of the present-day Bay of Fundy.
This includes fishing for lobster, mackerel, tuna, salmon and many more kinds of fish.
Most of them-and many widows as well-lived in poverty.
Eusebius of Dorylaeum went so far as to accuse Nestorius of adoptionism.
This date is used by the Western Rite Orthodox Church.
Thus, the struggle between the sees of Alexandria and Antioch now included Constantinople.
He is highly respected in the Palestinian Christian Community.
Relations between Metropolitan Acacius of Caesarea and Cyril became strained.
His interpretation of the Eucharist is disputed.
The blessings are said before or after the candles are lit depending on tradition.
The lights can be candles or oil lamps.
This convergence prompted the creation of the portmanteau neologism Thanksgivukkah.
There is no clear authorization in the New Testament for remarriage after divorce.
In both Matthew and Mark, Jesus appealed to God's will in creation.
In Old Testament times, a wife was regarded as chattel, belonging to her husband.
There are many categories of classes, some of which overlap.
There are various types of such classes.
You press the "power" button to toggle the television on and off.
They are forms of visual agnosia.
The anomaloscope, described above, is also used in diagnosing anomalous trichromacy.
Blue color blindness is caused by a simple mutation in this gene.
It also specifies when and where to apply security controls.
However, the use of the term "cybersecurity" is more prevalent in government job descriptions.
Spoofing is most prevalent in communication mechanisms that lack a high level of security.
He was born in Reading, Berkshire and grew up in Lakenheath, Suffolk.
Cunningham is married to Warpaint's bassist Jenny Lee Lindberg.
He has also designed album artwork for a variety of musicians.
Another tribe of centaurs was said to have lived on Cyprus.
At a later period, paintings on some amphoras depict winged centaurs.
The Thessalian tribes also claimed their horse breeds were descended from the centaurs.
These bacteria move by spinning the whole cell, which is shaped like a corkscrew.
Applications include targeted delivery of drugs in the body.
Others possess a single flagellum that is kept inside the cell wall.
Cheshire's county town is Chester; the largest town is Warrington.
Cheshire is considered to be an affluent county.
Black Hill is now the highest point in West Yorkshire.
In fact, many county towns are no longer part of the administrative county.
Canada is one of the oldest constitutional democracies in the world.
See list of Canadian constitutional documents for details.
The other amendment formulae are for exceptional cases as provided by in the act.
Shepherd's hooks are still being made for local slip-stitch crochet traditions.
Teachers were trained and sent across Ireland to teach this craft.
A hyperbolic model of a coral reef has also been constructed for environmental purposes.
The more turns of wire, the stronger the field produced.
This is called a transformer.
Windings may have additional electrical connections along their length; these are called taps.
The battle ended inconclusively as the daylight faded.
From Carisbrooke, Charles continued to try to bargain with the various parties.
Parliament controlled London, the south-east and East Anglia, as well as the English navy.
"Counter-Strike" has been a target for cheating in online games since its release.
Each round starts with the two teams spawning simultaneously.
Upon its retail release, "Counter-Strike" received highly favorable reviews.
His importance resides in his contributions to both Impressionism and Post-Impressionism.
His mother was from a French-Jewish family from the island of Saint Thomas.
During his lifetime, Camille Pissarro sold few of his paintings.
There are several different types with different capabilities.
They are more expensive than event monitors.
His mother was a farmer's daughter and his father was a cook.
This newspaper was censored by order of the Grand Duke of Tuscany.
Thus, the set of constructible real numbers form a field.
The second column gives an equivalent algebraic formulation of the problem.
The latter two can be done with a construction based on the intercept theorem.
Carson High is on Saliman Road.
Settlers named the area Washoe in reference to the tribe.
See also: List of Governors of Nevada.
Here, his full name is given as Clark Joseph Kent.
The feature was later shown in the "Superman Family" title.
Clark was mentioned by Cat Grant in "Supergirl" episode "Stronger Together".
This effort, called "revisionism", was originally led by Daniel Gorenstein.
Gorenstein and his collaborators have given several reasons why a simpler proof is possible.
The process was not in a developed state, indicating smelting was not foreign.
After deliberating for an hour and a half they found the defendant not guilty.
Antoninus Pius exempted the Egyptian priesthood from the otherwise universal ban on circumcision.
The ancient Greeks prized the foreskin and disapproved of the Jewish custom of circumcision.
Still others objected because of the implied directive that lay presidency would be abolished.
Canon J. Robert Wright.
Under the agreement, they recognize the validity of each other's baptisms and ordinations.
Usually the available choices are actions related to the selected object.
This doctrine is known as Supersessionism.
When a man mints a coin in a press, each coin is identical.
In addition, the number of fires is increasing in step with population growth.
The Chaparral area receives about of precipitation a year.
They were fast, yacht-like vessels, with three masts and a square rig.
This had a significant influence on both India and China.
The medium clipper, though still very fast, had comparatively more allowance for cargo.
His Scottish father was manager of the Bradford and Bingley's Wembley branch.
He also said to Jeffrey Archer, There's no beginning to your talents.
He also has a holiday home in Dalmally, Argyll.
In general, pressure and chemical environment only cause small changes to fusion ratios.
They further reported measuring small amounts of nuclear reaction byproducts, including neutrons and tritium.
This can happen, for example, if fluid circulation within the cell becomes significantly altered.
Coal tar is available as a generic medication and over the counter.
Later the filler used was industrial slag.
It may have antifungal, anti-inflammatory, anti-itch, and antiparasitic properties.
She received the Holy Eucharist almost daily.
Giovanna was handed over to a wet-nurse and died soon after.
Due to this story, Catherine is often seen holding a rose.
He completed a circuit through rural England, where he could observe geological phenomena.
Lyell, a devout Christian, had great difficulty reconciling his beliefs with natural selection.
He is buried in Westminster Abbey.
Chelsea's regular kit colours are royal blue shirts and shorts with white socks.
Chelsea have had four main crests, which all underwent minor variations.
Economic troubles in the country worsened throughout the construction phase.
Despite this refurbishment, the reactors have not performed well since the restart.
This report was criticized by Richard Osborne.
This general form is valid for any short-ranged, energy-conserving interaction.
The computation of the S-matrix is the main goal of the scattering theory.
The term encompasses a broad variety of stories and legends.
Many religious and mythological systems contain myths about a paradise.
From thence He will come again to judge the living and the dead.
In a worker cooperative, the members are people who work for the cooperative.
A corporation is, at least in theory, owned and controlled by its members.
This version also featured a simpler and more modern-looking case design.
Lawson worked with Nick Talesfore and Ron Smith.
Like many other discontinued consoles, the Channel F lives on through homebrew.
Such algorithms are potentially quite complex, possibly requiring several passes through the text.
Strings used for collation in this way are called "sort keys".
Coca-Cola's recipe is maintained as a corporate trade secret.
The phosphoric acid used in colas was thought to be a possible cause.
Cult Cola a cola made in Denmark, with a high concentration of caffeine.
While not rigorous, the empirical evidence to date supports this belief.
A substitute stabilizer based on petroleum was developed at the Bruceton Explosives Research Laboratory.
The substance's toxicity has been studied for many years.
At room temperature, it is very stable.
By contrast, Christianity is an explicitly evangelistic religion.
Additionally, God sits daily in judgment concerning a person's daily activities.
Also see "Invincible Ignorance" as understood in Catholic theology.
While in Romagna, Leonardo built the canal from Cesena to the Porto Cesenatico.
There was evidence that the bones belonged to Borgia.
The party of knights discovered Borgia was alone, and trapped him in an ambush.
A chronicle which traces world history is called a universal chronicle.
If the chronicles deal with events year by year, they are often called annals.
The reliability of a particular chronicle is an important determination for modern historians.
However, the deprecated parts-per notation is often used to describe small mole fractions.
However, the deprecated parts-per notation is often used to describe small mass ratios.
Note that these should not be called concentrations.
Many of her songs alternate between emotional reflections on romance and outright comedy.
Subtitled: A Musical Apology" is notable for its long title.
She followed his advice and accepted his offer of guitar lessons.
The first classification is meant for only the very smallest libraries.
Further expansions add more top level classes and subdivisions.
It contains one or two initial letters and Arabic numbers, treated as a decimal.
He is a graduate of Robert College.
Shortly afterwards, he returned to Turkey.
Later that year, Flockhart starred in "Jane Doe" as a drug addict.
She has one older brother, Gary.
Convolution is similar to cross-correlation.
No algebra of functions possesses an identity for the convolution.
Then "S" is a commuting family of normal operators.
It may contain unseparated husk parts, for example.
There now was an artificial demand for woven cloth.
The above rules for the calculation of heat belong to pure calorimetry.
This is consistent with common experience.
The heat capacity at constant volume is assumed to be independent of temperature.
This allowed him to fire many corrupt officials.
Hughes, citing his age, turned down the offer.
They had one son, Charles Evans Hughes Junior and three daughters.
There is no clear definition of what constitutes a "concept album".
Pepper that the penchant for the concept album was born.
According to music critic Tim Riley, "Strictly speaking, the Mothers of Invention's "Freak Out!
Crafts using a double-ended hook are commercially marketed as Cro-hook and Crochenit.
They attract many interested buyers, and are manufactured worldwide.
These ideas apply to air flight as well.
The acceleration now has a tangential component, as shown the image at right.
See image above.
The result is appended to the message as an extra word.
However, each of those concepts has different applications and therefore different design goals.
Also swapping of two or more words will not be detected.
Most of these "limited matriculation" students enrolled in the Evening Session, and paid tuition.
Trustees serve seven-year terms, which are renewable for another seven years.
With greater numbers came more diversity: Black and Hispanic student enrollment increased threefold.
What intractability means in practice is open to debate.
The time and memory consumption of these alternate models may vary.
Many complexity classes are defined using the concept of a reduction.
The romancers' versions of Camelot drew on earlier descriptions of Arthur's fabulous court.
The name's derivation is uncertain.
The area's connections with Camelot and Camlann are merely speculative.
These covert activities culminated in the Iran-Contra affair.
Washington thus "micromanaged the opposition" and exerted massive external pressure on the electorate.
He crossed himself.
Hopefully, a large part of the energy industry will depend on it.
When Venter disclosed this strategy during a Congressional hearing, a firestorm of controversy erupted.
He was applauded for his position on this by futurist Ray Kurzweil.
He describes two mechanisms: "distortion" and "denial".
I don't think we contributed very much, but, anyway, we tried.
He later became an atheist.
This frequency dependence acts as a natural regulator.
Any medium supporting oscillations has an analogue of the Casimir effect.
If confirmed this would be the first experimental verification of the dynamical Casimir effect.
Coins can also be spun on a flat surface such as a table.
Bimetallic coins are sometimes used for higher values and for commemorative purposes.
Standardized Roman currency was used throughout the Roman Empire.
The objects not only follow similar orbits but also share similar physical characteristics.
Here is a very generic list of classical Kuiper belt objects.
Binaries are less common on high-inclination orbits and their components typically differ in brightness.
The United States and Britain share the world's largest foreign direct investment partnership.
In domestic politics, foreign policy is not usually a central issue.
In Polish tradition, people combine religion and family closeness at Christmas.
Poland produces some of the finest hand-blown glass Christmas ornaments in Europe.
At first, the playwright refused, but eventually yielded.
Following the spectacular success of the first Rodgers and Hammerstein musical, Oklahoma!
The couple was still part of the show at the Boston opening.
The work was released with three variant covers.
Barker would later allude to Valentin in many of his stories.
The subgenre rose in the nineteenth century.
Chernenko advocated more investment in consumer goods and services and in agriculture.
He became the first leader that spoke with the Soviet people in person.
Thousands of political prisoners and many dissidents were also released.
It is closely related to the Italian language and especially to its Tuscan branch.
The use of Corsican language over French language has been declining.
They are thus legally defined as different languages from Sardinian by the Sardinian government.
Third parties developed the vast majority of software for Commodore computers.
The "Gravel" was never a success and was discontinued.
Because the Commodore is keeping up with you.
Its equivalents are colonel-major in the Army and commodore-major in the Air Force.
Ship committee chairs do not hold this recognition.
Commodore is a rank in the Royal Netherlands Air Force.
That is, the Cauchy-Riemann equations are the conditions for a function to be conformal.
This is not true for real differentiable functions.
He first practiced acting in amateur theatrical plays staged by the Israeli Army.
He was by then the approximate age of the character.
Topol serves as chairman of the board of Jordan River Village.
Robert Roberts was certain that John Thomas had rediscovered the truth.
Additional meetings are often organised for worship, prayer, preaching and Bible study.
At the headend, each television channel is translated to a different frequency.
Subscribers pay with a monthly fee.
So-called "wireless cable" or microwave-based systems are used instead.
Cholera vaccines that are given by mouth provide reasonable protection for about six months.
Work is under way to investigate the role of mass vaccination.
A number of safe and effective oral vaccines for cholera are available.
Secondary volcanic vents may form above the ring fracture.
In some texts the English term "cauldron" is also used.
As a result, gases tend to become trapped at high pressure within the magma.
It was developed in parallel with the analog computers of the day.
In addition to general purpose calculators, there are those designed for specific markets.
However, there were problems with this display and the calculator never went on sale.
The original purpose of the receipt was enhanced fraud protection.
Cash registers use bitmap characters for printing.
Currently, many cash registers are individual computers.
It is used in government research labs and universities.
This description is then manufactured employing some of the various semiconductor device fabrication processes.
This results in a die which is bonded onto a chip carrier.
The keel is a strong median ridge running down the length of the sternum.
None of these birds are ratites.
Additional ingredients may be sugar, honey, milk, cream, and various herbs.
The quality of liquor available during Prohibition was much worse than previously.
The site of this first cocktail party still stands.
Despite the political upheaval, the Egyptian population remained mainly Christian.
Now it can be done in only one church and be recognized by both.
It is still expanding in the continent of Africa.
It is currently called The Family International.
They would proselytize in the streets and distribute pamphlets.
The majority of the group's beliefs remained the same.
It is one of the oldest deciphered writings of significant length in the world.
A few provisions address issues related to military service.
But Cuba Libre!
The three chains are hydrogen bonded to each other.
Singularities that are not so hidden are called "naked".
Hawking later reformulated the bet to exclude those technicalities.
They are however, by definition, not recognised by the Catholic Church.
By "Catholic Church" Ignatius designated the universal church.
The original sense of the word is 'universal'.
She struggled to find paying work.
They had two children, Jeffrey and Annis.
Eastman's papers are housed at Harvard University.
He earned a Bachelor's degree in Architecture and a Master's degree in Mathematics.
Alexander's work has also influenced the development of agile software development.
From these examples, we can see how Alexander is far ahead of his time.
The Internet Scrabble Club offers the ability to play Clabbers online.
As Arkyn banishes Xiombarg, Corum and his allies devastate the forces of Chaos.
Corum slows Xiombarg's forces by defeating their leader, Prince Gaynor the Damned.
Some designs have been regarded as borderline cases by some writers.
Instructions are also typically highly encoded in order to further enhance the code density.
Cetaceans have been depicted in various cultures worldwide.
As science revealed them to be intelligent and peaceful animals.
The tail was strong and supported movement through water.
Pilgrimage was a very prominent feature of medieval society.
Thus Chaucer's work far surpasses the ability of any single medieval theory to uncover.
The concept of liminality figures prominently within "The Canterbury Tales".
The principal issue had shifted to the unjust slander of women within literary texts.
She offers advice to governesses, widows, and even prostitutes.
According to her, noble women did not use such language.
The Perfecti avoided eating anything considered to be a by-product of sexual reproduction.
The barons of the north headed south to do battle.
Cathars also rejected marriage.
During phylogenesis, cerebrospinal fluid is present within the neuraxis before it circulates.
A tube-like formation develops in the midline, called the notochord.
His academic career spanned over half a century at Cornell and Rice universities.
Hockett proposes that "no physical system is well-defined".
Later in "Where the tongue slips, there slip I" he writes as follows.
That is, individually the evidence may underdetermine the conclusion, but together they overdetermine it.
Historical evidence also converges in an analogous way.
Consilience has also been discussed in reference to Holocaust denial.
He is interred at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale, California.
Most successful conciliators are highly skilled negotiators.
Historical conciliation is not an excavation of objective facts.
It is also not a rewriting of history.
Although this is desirable, it can lead to buffer overflows and other "off-by-one"-style mistakes.
See the article on counter machines for a proof.
In computability theory, a counter is considered a type of memory.
Long before electronics became common, mechanical devices were used to count events.
The institute is dedicated to increasing and disseminating mathematical knowledge.
The main risk is intracranial hemorrhage.
This system was not intended to characterize risk of hemorrhage.
Radiosurgery is itself not without risk.
However, unusual sound changes do occur.
However, it is possible for languages to have different degrees of relatedness.
Following the change, the accent shifted to initial position.
It was concluded that the disputes would be mediated by the Council of Constance.
This would pave the way for the end of the Western Schism.
Thereupon, the Bishops voted to accept the summons.
It is the successor organization to the Consultation on Church Union.
The Ministry task force received much of the attention from church structures, however.
We are opposed to making this massive jump in our evolutionary progress.
Mingus also played with Charles McPherson in many of his groups during this time.
In addition, he asserts that he held a brief career as a pimp.
An ambitious program, it was plagued with troubles from its inception.
A centimetre is approximately the width of the fingernail of an average adult person.
He was actively involved in efforts to unionize the staff of Leon Schlesinger Studios.
Hopefully, this means you've forgiven me.
During his artistic education, he worked part-time as a janitor.
Mascots appear at organizations wanting to raise awareness of their work.
Uncle Sam costumes are worn on Independence Day in the United States.
They are often a source of national pride.
Individual cars stop and start by releasing and gripping this cable as required.
These systems are fully automated and run on their own reserved right of way.
Sydney also had a few cable tram routes.
A monitor usually comprises the display device, circuitry, casing, and power supply.
Some monitors will also switch themselves off after a time period on standby.
These monitors use touching of the screen as an input method.
ClearType uses this method to improve the smoothness of text.
Some individuals can detect slight differences in color better than others.
The extent to which this is supported is dependent on the video card.
Centrioles are present in the cells of most eukaryotes, for example those of animals.
The centrioles can self replicate during cell division.
The last common ancestor of all eukaryotes was a ciliated cell with centrioles.
The constancy of the decay rates of isotopes is well supported in science.
Scientists also deem creation science's attacks against biological evolution to be without scientific merit.
The assignment of values was unsystematic.
These are completely new characters invented by Tolkien himself.
However still frequent sounds "w" and "a" are missing.
Daisy Cutters were used to clear landing zones and to eliminate mine fields.
The John Wayne movie "The Green Berets" features its use.
The E model also featured structural improvements, avionics upgrades and a higher gross weight.
The drug coats and is absorbed through the mucous membranes lining the nasal passages.
This is colloquially referred to as a "bell ringer".
Cocaine appearing in powder form is a salt, typically cocaine hydrochloride.
In this way, all of the euclidean transformations become transactable as matrix point multiplications.
A commonly used mnemonic for defining the positive orientation is the "right hand rule".
In engineering projects, agreement on the definition of coordinates is a crucial foundation.
By statute, the Commandant is appointed as a four-star general while serving in office.
It supports Amtrak California and the "Capitol Corridor".
Like the majority of state government agencies, Caltrans is headquartered in Sacramento.
There are two views of the number of Finnish prisoners of war.
Partisans distributed propaganda newspapers, "Pravda" in Finnish and "Lenin's Banner" in Russian.
This was facilitated by the Rapid Settlement Act.
Moreover, it cannot be generalized to other situations where the following proof can.
However, it is much slower than other methods, for very large products of moduli.
Therefore, this method is rarely used, for hand-written computation as well on computers.
According to Pohl, Kornbluth never brushed his teeth, and they were literally green.
While living in Chicago he also worked at Trans-Radio Press, a news wire service.
These include "Gladiator-At-Law" and "The Space Merchants".
In humans, coprophagia has been observed in individuals with mental illness.
Without doing this they would be unable to obtain any nutritional value from plants.
Dogs may be coprophagic, possibly to rebalance their microbiome or to ingest missing nutrients.
Moore's work paved the way for many other female speculative fiction writers.
She developed Alzheimer's disease but that was not obvious for several years.
Television sets were a primary application.
Ampeg is the only guitar amp manufacturer that used this tube in their amps.
Other specialist uses of the tube declined in parallel with the television set manufacture.
Regarding the asymptotic distribution of Carmichael numbers, there have been several conjectures.
As numbers become larger, Carmichael numbers become increasingly rare.
Additionally, it follows that there are no Carmichael numbers with exactly two prime factors.
A violation of this statute constitutes a misdemeanor.
In any case, once these proceedings are complete, the temporary order is automatically vacated.
Unlike ordinary scheduling proceedings, such temporary orders are not subject to judicial review.
He was a prolific author of Esperanto works.
His most famous works are Gerda malaperis!
According to Lee, fan response to the tryout was very enthusiastic.
Captain America, in his first act after his transformation, avenges Erskine.
Both are presumed dead, though it is later revealed that neither one died.
From that consultation a position paper was produced.
Countercult apologetics has several variations and methods employed in analysing and responding to cults.
Countercult literature usually expresses doctrinal or theological concerns and a missionary or apologetic purpose.
However, he also tells the Hulk he would not have agreed to permanent exile.
Xavier is too late to intervene.
She later becomes a disciple of Magneto.
Such company-issued securities had priority over the original Government Bonds.
Chinese labor was the most vital source for constructing the railroad.
Working conditions were harsh, and Chinese men were compensated less than their white counterparts.
In Jainism, clairvoyance is regarded as one of the five kinds of knowledge.
The word stems from "psyche" and "metric", which means "soul-measuring".
Research suggests that radiology instruction given at chiropractic schools worldwide seem to be evidence-based.
Palmer, and retain metaphysical definitions and vitalistic qualities.
The cost-effectiveness of maintenance chiropractic care is unknown.
These carbides have metallic properties and are refractory.
Similar species are known for the metal carbonyls and the early metal halides.
Note that methanide in this context is a trivial historical name.
Krulak was generally referred to as "The General" by fans on these boards.
General Krulak is the Vice Chair of the Sweet Briar College Board of Directors.
General Krulak is married to Zandi Meyers from Annapolis.
Deutsche Bank consented without admitting or denying the findings.
I needed to leave.
The river Grosne flows northward through the commune and crosses the town.
Chet Atkins was a ham radio general class licensee.
The song was written by the Nashville songwriter Cy Coben, a friend of Atkins's.
He also recorded a single for Nashville-based Bullet Records that year.
It is the oldest film magazine in publication.
In turn, auteurs were compared and contrasted, and a true film dialogue was established.
Tarzanbocht is the most famous corner in the circuit.
Since there is a camber in the corner, it provides excellent overtaking opportunities.
In the history of the circuit, several fatal accidents have occurred.
Nearby is also the semi-arid area known as the Accona Desert.
Johnson became the "Father of Electric Christmas Tree Lights".
But, by far, the most common tree is the Monterey pine.
It is made from Caroline's description of those she saw in Germany".
The Egyptian Navy recently acquired two s from France.
China plans to set up several carrier battle groups in the future.
At least one task group would be deployed at any one time.
That same year Boeing acquired Vertol and renamed the group Boeing Vertol.
Service in southeast Asia resulted in the addition of armor with the guns.
The office is a military adviser and deputy to the Secretary of the Navy.
The current Chief of Naval Operations is Admiral John M. Richardson.
Petacci had a long-standing relationship with Mussolini while he was married to Rachele Mussolini.
The bodies were photographed as a crowd vented their rage upon them.
Petacci's brother, Marcello Petacci, was captured with Mussolini and Petacci.
Polo matches are held between April and October at Gershan near Arzachena.
Archaeological sites include the Li Muri Giants' graves.
Each September the Sardinia Cup sailing regatta is held off the coast.
These wines eventually became known as the "Super Tuscans".
Chianti from the Rufina area is characterised by its multi-layered complexity and elegance.
The Colli Pisane area produces typical Chiantis with the lightest body and color.
In the atmosphere, the pattern of flow is called a cyclone.
Suppose the roundabout spins anticlockwise when viewed from above.
Both forces are proportional to the mass of the object.
Several other manned expeditions are planned.
This study by James.
These non-stoichiometric compounds are also named "berthollides" in his honor.
Berthollet was an accused of being an atheist.
It is Chile's eighth constitution.
X-ray crystallography is used to determine the structure of large biomolecules such as proteins.
Crystallography is used by materials scientists to characterize different materials.
Other physical properties are also linked to crystallography.
According to his sister, he was never the same after the break-up.
He always carried a photograph of Jessie in his wallet even after the divorce.
I cannot recall that we ever agreed on anything.
She is best known for being one of the kidnappers of heiress Patricia Hearst.
Hall was shot once in the forehead.
Hall attended special lectures, exhibits, and concerts at the University.
Consider ecopsychology and transpersonal psychology.
He also incorporated ideas from Freud's psychoanalysis and Merleau-Ponty's phenomenology into his approach.
Various sub-disciplines within psychology have begun to establish their own critical orientations.
Cruisers navigate using paper charts and radar.
Satellite communications are becoming more common on cruising boats.
At night, color-coded running lights help determine the position and orientation of vessels.
Decrease liquid temperature if possible.
This imploding action occurs violently and attacks the face of the impeller.
This is cavitation.
Many popular aquarium fish, such as killifish and live-bearers, are included.
They are closely related to the Atheriniformes and are occasionally included with them.
Vivipary and ovovivipary have evolved independently from oviparous ancestors, the latter possibly twice.
No one controls the main entrance.
There is a tradition that Joseph of Arimathea and Nicodemus were buried here.
Historically, two large, arched doors allowed access to the church.
The fort that Conall must penetrate is guarded by a mighty serpent.
Both statue and figurine portray Cernunnos with the two ram-headed serpents encircling his waist.
It is thought the latter may remain from an episode of language shift.
Clicks may be pronounced with a third place of articulation, glottal.
She was Homer's first girlfriend in a relationship of circumstances.
Subsequently, Wally is found in Burma and returns home, paralyzed from the waist down.
Cloud's Orphanage, where their son is born and named Angel.
There are also various non-profit publications, such as Which?
The "consumer" is the one who pays something to consume goods and services produced.
As such, "consumers" play a vital role in the economic system of a nation.
Cacti occur in a wide range of shapes and sizes.
Classification of the cacti currently remains uncertain and is likely to change.
Day-flying butterflies and nocturnal moths are associated with different pollination syndromes.
It depended on emergency and temporary Congressional legislation and funding to operate.
The temporary tent camps had also developed to include wooden barracks.
It developed infrastructure for military training facilities and forest protection.
Some species are threatened with extinction.
The hydrology of the sea has a high level of homogeneity.
It is assumed the proto-caribbean basin existed in the Devonian period.
The Maclaurin series, a special case of the Taylor series, is named after him.
Clairaut, Euler, Laplace, Legendre, Poisson and Gauss.
Upon the death of his pupil at Montpellier, Maclaurin returned to Aberdeen.
There is an issue regarding the "handedness" of celestial globes.
Covenant-breaking does not apply to most of them.
The central purpose of the covenant is to prevent schism and dissension.
The Michigan Historical Center operates a museum in Concord called the Mann House.
Famous alums of the public school include Nolan Bright-Mitchel, Jesse Hersha, and Alexander Kettwich.
The schools' colors are purple and gold.
Journalist Jean Guisnel said that this organization also worked with the French National Gendarmerie.
In addition, there were a number of security problems with the implementation.
DigiTask later admitted selling spy software to governments.
In social constructionism there is a great focus on social rules.
For instance, it is conventional in many societies that strangers being introduced shake hands.
These rules can be ignored only if justification is clear, or can be provided.
Completely metrizable spaces are often called "topologically complete".
He believed history repeated itself, that the United States were the "modern Romans".
Criswell appeared in the movies of writer and director Ed Wood.
To fill the time, he began his "Criswell Predicts" part of the show.
This would in theory produce a chain reaction at the level of the nucleus.
This is the principle for nuclear reactors and atomic bombs.
Thus, unlike metals, semiconductors become better conductors the higher the temperature.
Many clubs use a ranking system.
Fore-Caddying entails the caddy walking while the players ride in carts.
It is common for experienced caddies to carry two bags at a time.
The same physical effect renders sunspots apparently dark in the photosphere.
For decades, researchers believed spicules could send heat into the corona.
Many characters tie in to crucial plot events.
Kato and Tanaka decided to produce an indirect sequel.
Kato rode his motorcycle to relieve the stress of the game's release schedule.
Market economies that use indicative planning are sometimes referred to as "planned market economies".
Therefore, command economies are planned economies, but not necessarily the reverse.
Economic planning can be practiced in a decentralized manner through different government authorities.
Care for the young is provided mostly by their mothers.
The biggest threats to the common chimpanzee are habitat loss, poaching and disease.
Also, communities have large ranges that overlap with those of other groups.
Some people do not experience symptoms until their early thirties or forties.
The myelin sheath allows nerve cells to conduct signals faster.
Weakness in the hands and forearms occurs in many people as the disease progresses.
The original paper described four cases with fatal outcomes, and the findings on autopsy.
Care is mainly supportive.
Alcoholics are usually given vitamins to correct for other deficiencies.
"Mixed" dislocations, combining aspects of both types, are also common.
Disclinations are line defects corresponding to "adding" or "subtracting" an angle around a line.
They are not extended in space in any dimension.
This doesn't change the grammar's produced language.
Moreover, the worst-case bloat in grammar size depends on the transformation order.
The table shows which orderings are admitted.
The data are sent to states that have signed the Treaty.
Dances generally have a characteristic tempo and rhythmic pattern.
Even a solo dance may be undertaken solely for the satisfaction of the dancer.
Dance teachers typically focus on teaching dance performance, or coaching competitive dancers, or both.
They never had anything resembling a significant relationship and seldom spoke to each other.
Both actors have executive producing roles.
I have always considered myself bisexual.
At Biograph, Griffith's career in the film industry would change forever.
Gish and Barrymore found their old mentor's presence distracting and became self-conscious.
He is buried at Mount Tabor Methodist Church Graveyard in Centerfield, Kentucky.
The bulk of the sand in the dune migrates forward.
With slightly stronger winds, particles collide in mid-air, causing sheet flows.
Star dunes grow upward rather than laterally.
The camera was broken and what I've done hasn't turned out.
It was here that Lynch's sister Martha was born.
On hearing the title of the first, "The Elephant Man", Lynch chose the script.
This style of filmmaking explores people's fears of bodily transformation and infection.
Ballard novel on which Cronenberg's film was based.
Cronenberg describes himself as an atheist.
This is also the track where Earnhardt claimed his sixth Winston Cup Series title.
To date, there have been five licensed "Dune"-related video games released.
The mod was featured by Tom Chick in the relauched Tom versus Bruce series.
This article provides links to many of the main characters in the "Dune" universe.
They are grouped by primary allegiances.
We found the lever that moved the doctor.
Their past ruthlessness gives them little hope of quarter from the enraged Fremen.
His sexual preference for young men is implied in "Dune" and "Children of Dune".
Yueh eventually betrays House Atreides.
However, Yueh has given the captured Leto a false tooth containing a poisonous gas.
The first such scheme is the ElGamal encryption.
A pre-shared public key also prevents man-in-the-middle attacks.
Diffie-Hellman cannot be used to sign certificates.
"Destry Rides Again" was generally well accepted by the public, as well as critics.
These are measured using directional derivatives.
These lines are called secant lines.
This is especially relevant for partial differentiation.
Languages recognized as official languages of India appear here in boldface.
The first American edition was published by Doubleday and McClure in New York.
Renfield is able to detect Dracula's presence and supplies clues accordingly.
Although a widely known vampire novel, "Dracula" was not the first.
Hume argues it is justified, because resources are limited.
Reason itself is utterly impotent in this particular.
With this action, Douglas helped end the power of the blacklist.
They appealed the conviction to the Supreme Court on First Amendment grounds and lost.
I had contempt for that Congress and have had contempt for several since.
Spencer built a church in Wilmington for the new denomination.
The executive branch is headed by the Governor of Delaware.
It is a lexicographical product which shows inter-relationships among the data.
Some of them have exclusively user driven content, often consisting of neologisms.
In a general dictionary, each word may have multiple meanings.
David Friedman is the son of economists Rose and Milton Friedman.
He is an atheist.
His work is compiled in the popular "Cariadoc's Miscellany".
The spectral resolution depends on the instrument's point spread function.
Such excitation can also occur when the gas absorbs light or other electromagnetic radiation.
Many elements can combine to form heteronuclear diatomic molecules, depending on temperature and pressure.
There are two popular modes of duopoly, i.e., Cournot's Model and Chamberlain's Model.
In Canada, this definition is therefore more commonly called a "twinstick".
This was a unique phenomenon in the world.
These characters embark upon imaginary adventures within a fantasy setting.
Some editions of the game presume such usage.
Thus one can be tried twice for the same alleged crime.
The dual sovereignty doctrine has been the subject of substantial scholarly criticism.
In India, protection against "autrefois acquit" is a statutory right, not a fundamental one.
Disbarment is usually a punishment for unethical or criminal conduct.
Procedures vary depending on the law society.
He then resigned from the Supreme Court bar in November.
The tags often indicate religious preference as well.
Manufacturers of identification badges recognized a market and began advertising in periodicals.
The tags are worn on the neck with a ball chain.
Fife-and-drum corps of Swiss mercenary foot soldiers also used drums.
Thicker shells produce louder drums.
Drumming has developed over millennia to be a powerful art form.
However, ancient as well as modern scholars have doubted the legitimacy of such inscriptions.
Gradually the first travelling guides appeared.
Dionysus would inhabit the temple during his absence.
Some of them were operated by Compaq and are still operated by Hewlett-Packard.
Compaq software engineers developed special Linux kernel modules.
Another distribution that ran on Alpha was Gentoo Linux.
Some people will do anything for money.
The song also referenced The Knack's song "My Sharona".
The band's real name generated controversy.
Polymerases are classified according to the type of template that they use.
Chemical modifications of these basic amino acid residues include methylation, phosphorylation, and acetylation.
As hydrogen bonds are not covalent, they can be broken and rejoined relatively easily.
Their son Patrick Joseph P.
Rosemary underwent a lobotomy which left her incapacitated.
Only members who held political office are shown below.
Most trade unions and cooperatives are governed by democratic elections.
This made Africa less settled.
Russian-style democracy has often been referred to as a Guided democracy.
The Curry-Howard correspondence relates a constructivist form of disjunction to tagged union types.
A single literal is often considered to be a degenerate disjunction.
This operator is thus called the parallel or.
"P or Q" is a disjunction; P and Q are called the statement's "disjuncts".
See affirming a disjunct.
See below for the definitions of these terms.
Definitions and axioms are the basis on which all of mathematics is constructed.
Wittgenstein argued that for some terms this is not the case.
The state of being a homonym is called homonymy.
Madison Avenue look to impose their will upon it, to set terms and roles.
Discotheque-goers often wore expensive, extravagant and sexy fashions.
The disco sound had a strong influence on early hip hop.
In general, however, the style is rather aggressive.
Hugh Doherty is the first known musician of this family.
Gas-operated, and to a lesser extent recoil-operated, designs will recoil less than either.
The early doubles used two triggers, one for each barrel.
It is especially common in Bihar, Purvanchal, Uttar Pradesh, Haryana and Punjab.
These are some major categories in which desserts can be placed.
Cakes are sweet tender breads made with sugar and delicate flour.
Although now considered insecure, it was highly influential in the advancement of modern cryptography.
None of the submissions, however, turned out to be suitable.
So I did it.
Double hulls by no means eliminate the possibility of the hulls breaking apart.
In western cultures, water is often drunk cold.
Other religions forbid, discourage, or restrict the drinking of alcoholic drinks for various reasons.
This primarily happens with wine and a culture has grown up around the process.
The Hungarian name for dill is "kapor".
It is also often paired up with chives when used in food.
It is also traditionally given to mothers immediately after childbirth.
Elements of the algebraic dual space "V" are sometimes called covectors or one-forms.
If "V" is finite-dimensional, then "V" has the same dimension as "V".
The auditor and pre-Clear sit down in chairs facing each other.
Few scientific investigations into the effectiveness of Dianetics have been published.
The data vault model is geared to be strictly a data warehouse.
Metadata are data about data.
Also, the retrieval of data from the data warehouse tends to operate very quickly.
By the end of the Devonian, arthropods were solidly established on the land.
This may have cooled the climate and led to a massive extinction event.
Various terrestrial arthropods also became well-established.
His prowess as a geographer is now well-recognized.
He received both.
It was also during this time that he lost sight in his right eye.
Species from this order are distributed across all of the continents except Antarctica.
They may be achlorophyllous or saprophytic.
The Dioscoreales at that time were marginally distinguishable from the Asparagales.
Dentistry is important to one's overall health.
An ancient Sumerian text describes a "tooth worm" as the cause of dental caries.
The Egyptians bound replacement teeth together with gold wire.
Both quantities can be calculated efficiently using rotating calipers.
Both definitions are also valid for the diameter of a sphere.
See also slashed zero.
In direct examination, one is generally prohibited from asking leading questions.
This prevents a lawyer from feeding answers to a favorable witness.
The techniques of direct examination are taught in courses on trial advocacy.
The book continues to discuss monasticism where drinking wine is prohibited.
Jehovah's Witnesses allow moderate alcohol consumption among its members.
Metabolic acidosis is compounded by respiratory failure.
This longer command still remains much shorter than intraframe compression.
A number of lossless audio compression formats exist.
The following table is a partial history of international video compression standards.
Second in importance was the Anziku Kingdom.
The rebels were driven out with the aid of Belgian paratroopers.
Dense grasslands extend beyond the Congo River in the north.
Along the Equator, rainfall is fairly regular throughout the year.
The high mountains of the Ruwenzori Range on the eastern borders.
The most numerous people are the Luba, Mongo, and Bakongo.
Transit migration towards South Africa and Europe also plays a role.
Ground transport in the Democratic Republic of Congo has always been difficult.
Blumenthal indicated that there was "no chance" that creditors would ever recover their loans.
There are three phases to the program that each have their own objectives.
The governor is responsible to the Provincial Assembly.
The Congolese Judicial Branch Consists of a Supreme Court, which handles federal crimes.
The network employs mostly-Congolese staff and aims to bridge political divisions.
Most waterway routes do not operate to regular schedules.
Only smaller boats are running and they are irregular.
The Democratic Republic of the Congo has a rocketry program called Troposphere.
By August they had captured Stanleyville and set up a rebel government there.
There were immediate suspicions that Belgium planned to re-seize the country while doing so.
Mixing these disparate and formerly warring elements together led to mutuny.
Denmark borders both the Baltic and North Seas along its tidal shoreline.
About a quarter of Danes live in the capital Copenhagen.
This means that the winters are mild and windy and the summers are cool.
Islam is the second largest religion in Denmark.
Waste-to-energy incinerators produce mostly heating and hot water.
Neither Greenland nor the Faroe Islands are members of the European Union.
The public sector plays a dominant role in Greenland's economy.
Often bicycling and bicycle-culture in Denmark is compared to the Netherlands as a bicycle-nation.
Track is standard gauge.
Arriva operates some routes in Jutland, and several other smaller operators provide local services.
They are not deducted in this listing.
This list lists the complete expenditures for the Danish Ministry of Defence.
Denmark has long had good relations with other nations.
Danes have enjoyed a reputation as "reluctant" Europeans.
The Lisbon treaty was ratified by the Danish parliament alone.
The Russians were bombarded and after some loss of life, surrendered.
The Djibouti area has been inhabited since at least the Neolithic.
Also a pearl orange coralline, three glass paste, etc.. No trace of metal object.
Annual precipitation amounts vary greatly from one year to another.
The country is also the terminus of rail traffic into Ethiopia.
Summers are very humid along the coast but dry in the highlands.
Arabic is of social, cultural and religious importance.
French serves as a statutory national language.
The country is further sub-divided into eleven districts.
The party system and legislature are dominated by the socialist People's Rally for Progress.
Harbi was killed in a plane crash two years later.
Most imports are consumed in Djibouti and the remainder goes to Ethiopia and Somalia.
Djibouti's merchandise trade balance has shown a large deficit.
This comes after a decade of negative or low growth.
The railway is no longer operational.
A quarter of Ethiopia's imports and half of its exports move through the ports.
Car ferries pass the Gulf of Tadjoura from Djibouti City to Tadjoura.
The Djiboutian Navy is the naval service branch of the Djibouti Armed Forces.
Djibouti's many Sultanates each maintained regular troops.
The Djibouti government supported Somalia with military intelligence.
They brought the first enslaved people from West Africa to Dominica.
They set up smallholdings.
Three Blacks were elected to the legislative assembly the following year.
In another incident two people were injured when a tree fell on their house.
One of the largest springs, Boiling Lake, is located in the national park.
The streams are not navigable, but many are sources of hydroelectric power.
The Caribs live in eight villages on the east coast of Dominica.
The number of non-Christians is small.
M. E. Birnie Stephenson-Brooks.
Legislative power is vested in both the government and the House of Assembly.
A president and prime minister make up the executive branch.
The civil Commonwealth of Dominica Police Force includes a Special Service Unit, Coast Guard.
Dominica claims Venezuelan controlled Isla Aves.
The Artibonito is the longest river of Hispaniola and flows westward into Haiti.
The designs carry over into the villas and buildings throughout the country.
Heureaux became rampantly despotic and unpopular.
Salvador Jorge Blanco of the Dominican Revolutionary Party defeated Bosch and a resurgent Balaguer.
The sanctions remained in force after Trujillo's assassination.
The capital, Santo Domingo, is located on the south coast.
The country is a tropical, maritime nation.
There are several smaller islands and cays that are part of the Dominican territory.
Registration of vital events is in the Dominican Republic not complete.
Secondarily, remittances have financed small businesses and other productive activities.
It imports petroleum, industrial raw materials, capital goods, and foodstuffs.
WiFi is becoming more common.
It is available in some universities.
Cable television in the Dominican Republic is provided by a variety of companies.
Several additional lines are currently being planned.
This system though, is not very reliable and lacks discipline.
The president is the commander in chief for the military.
These men were skilled in handling machete and spear.
This group is highly trained in counter-terrorism missions.
Although a United States Commonwealth, the island is the Dominican Republic's largest trading partner.
Haiti maintains an embassy in Santo Domingo.
The two governments cooperate in the fight against the traffic in illegal substances.
Epidemiology is the study of the factors that cause or encourage diseases.
This is periodically updated.
Social standing and economic status affect health.
At present, there are no vehicular crossings across the strait.
The second proposal was that the straits should be put under joint Turkish-Soviet defence.
The Dardanelles were vital to the defence of Constantinople during the Byzantine period.
Andreapol, Zapadnaya Dvina and Velizh.
Their in-house-designed cars were always branded as "Datsuns".
It would go on to two outright wins in the East African Rally.
Within a few years, it was importing cars to most of Western Europe.
There were several other explosions at the Modderfontein factory.
Today dynamite is mainly used in the mining, quarrying, construction, and demolition industries.
His construction work inspired him to research new methods of blasting rock.
Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross created the Oscar-winning soundtrack for the film.
The film was Fincher's third with Brad Pitt.
The interior of a refrigerator can be seen in a number of Fincher's films.
He designed the strategy to accelerate the rate of innovation of his lab.
His graduate work led to several patents.
At Tymshare, Engelbart soon found himself marginalized and relegated to obscurity.
They can also identify the vast majority of treated natural diamonds.
Colors in diamond originate from lattice defects and impurities.
D-J colored diamonds can be screened through the Swiss Gemmological Institute's Diamond Spotter.
Doctor Dre has been accused of violence against women in the past.
They'll bring in something, he'll recite it, then he'll say.
Delicate Arch is formed of Entrada Sandstone.
Slacklining and the placement of new fixed anchors on new climbs is also prohibited.
It was understood, however, that the named-arch formations should not be climbed.
The child's parents execute the deed poll on the child's behalf.
However, they have no official status.
This form of deed poll is commonly used in Hong Kong.
They prompt us to question the authenticity of documentary in general.
Documentary filmmaking can be used as a form of journalism, advocacy, or personal expression.
Documentary translators very often have to meet tight deadlines.
The two developers agreed and commenced production.
The choice of art style inspired further ideas from the designers.
The capacity difference between the two formats necessitated alterations to the floppy disk version.
Adams attended Primrose Hill Primary School in Brentwood.
Adams had two brief appearances in the fourth series of "Monty Python's Flying Circus".
He remained fascinated by religion because of its effect on human affairs.
Another Detroit artist who was important for the scene is Carl Craig.
Another feature of the style is the complex syncopation of the drum tracks' breakbeat.
Jazz pioneer Miles Davis has been named as a possible influence.
He is the author of the multi-volume work "The Art of Computer Programming".
A lot of the papers coming out were quite simply wrong.
Dairy products include food items such as yogurt, cheese, and butter.
A facility that produces dairy products is known as a dairy, or dairy factory.
Rates of dairy consumption vary widely worldwide.
After the sessions were complete, Goldsmith officially announced his departure from the band.
At the age of twelve, Grohl began learning to play guitar.
He also released the music cassette Pocketwatch under the pseudonym Late!
Generally, one dollar is divided into one hundred cents.
The German name "Joachimsthal" literally means "Joachim's valley" or "Joachim's dale".
The Dutch Republic produced these coins to accommodate its booming international trade.
Crystals of calcium sulfate or calcium fluoride are doped with dysprosium.
There are not many applications unique to dysprosium.
It can react with water to produce flammable hydrogen gas.
In contrast, when an area is deforested, almost all precipitation is lost as run-off.
He attributed the collapse to deforestation and over-exploitation of all resources.
The Arbor Day Foundation then protects the land from deforestation.
Techniques focus on two aspects: provisioning of water, and fixation and hyper-fertilizing soil.
Sand fences can also be used to control drifting of soil and sand erosion.
Desertification in the Sahel can affect more than one billion of its inhabitants.
The bridge is now left in the open position as shown.
Just to the south of the car bridge lies the Dumbarton Rail Bridge.
There are seven toll lanes at the plaza.
Murray signed with the division rival Philadelphia Eagles.
The new pants were silverblue, with a blue-white-blue tri-stripe.
This is the first time the Cowboys sent two rookies to the Pro Bowl.
Navy blue replaced royal blue on the team's color scheme.
One year later, the two teams met again in the at Mile High Stadium.
Manning's name was added to the retired number's banner as an honorable mention.
There are many different Egyptian hieroglyphs that might have inspired this.
The angled stroke slowly developed into a vertical stroke.
Other names coined according to the same analogical principle are "sti" or "stau".
It literally means "double gamma" and is descriptive of the original letter's shape.
Loanwords that entered Greek before the loss of lost that sound when Greek did.
But corporations in droves have rushed to link themselves with "Dilbert".
Anything more complicated is deemed 'too hard to read.
One example is Moldovan.
This paradigm is not entirely problem-free.
The distinction is therefore subjective and depends upon the user's frame of reference.
It can easily be attached to nucleotides by chemical modifications.
This leads to an increase in cytoplasmic calcium concentration, which improves cardiac contractility.
For a case description, see the paper by Lacassie.
Malformation of dendrites is also tightly correlated to impaired nervous system function.
Unipolar dendrites are used to detect sensory stimuli such as touch or temperature.
As more ions enter the cell, the membrane potential continues to rise.
Gradually, he was shaping himself into a national leader.
The Dalai Lama figure is important for many reasons.
And they can't keep their Panchen Lama in Tibet.
This is known as the principle of proximate cause.
No recovery is not an option.
Generally speaking decisions from the higher courts will bind the lower courts.
In politics, dualism refers to the separation of powers between the legislature and executive.
From this comes a significant choice for humans to make.
Human-instigated disasters are the consequence of technological hazards.
A classic example is an earthquake that causes a tsunami, resulting in coastal flooding.
Asia tops the list of casualties caused by natural hazards.
Due to his performances, he was voted as the Best Goalkeeper of the Tournament.
When I say scared, I wasn't afraid for myself, but for those around me.
Some well-known members of the Dipsacales order are honeysuckle, elder, viburnum, and valerian.
The Dipsacales appear to be most closely related to the Paracryphiales.
The winter days following December were not included as part of any month.
These dates do not correspond to the modern Gregorian calendar.
Evidence of the existence of drinking games dates back to antiquity.
Players take turns taking shots, and the last person standing is the winner.
Tolerance games are simply about seeing which player can last the longest.
Exmouth marks the western end of the Jurassic Coast World Heritage Site.
All these features make Devon a popular holiday destination.
The prehistoric settlers began clearing the forest, and established the first farming communities.
Some of the bogs on Dartmoor have achieved notoriety.
The entire area is rich in antiquities and archaeology.
The Whites took power first and expelled the Blacks.
Dante was one of the delegates.
This can be deduced from autobiographic allusions in the Divine Comedy.
Brubeck is interred at Umpawaug Cemetery in Redding, Connecticut.
Please go there.
I just joined the Catholic Church.
Basic dyes are also used in the coloration of paper.
Many dyes are organic compounds.
This is achieved by treating a fiber with both diazoic and coupling components.
See a solution by Wolfram Alpha.
They can be solved by the following approach, known as an "integrating factor" method.
Saturday night bridge games at the White House were a feature of his presidency.
He and brother Edgar both wanted to attend college, though they lacked the funds.
Eisenhower is a calm and collected player and never whines at his losses.
Six years later the Jesuit missionary Francis Xavier landed in Kagoshima.
Since then, the island was expanded by reclaimed land and merged into Nagasaki.
Buildings that remained from the Meiji period were to be used.
Highly skewed data are often transformed by taking logarithms.
The slope, in regression analysis, also reflects the relationship between variables.
A useful summary of such data is the population pyramid.
Another summary is called the life table.
The emphasis on formal rules during the Golden Age produced a variety of reactions.
When the character first appeared, the word detective did not even exist.
The Gaelic "Glas" could mean grey or green, while "chu" means dog or hollow.
"A Scots rabble is the worst of its kind", he reported.
Overall Defoe demonstrated a high respect for tradesmen, being one himself.
He was educated at Dauntsey's School, a boarding school in Wiltshire.
Morris stayed at Oxford, researching the reproductive behaviour of birds.
He exhibits at the Taurus Gallery in North Parade, Oxford, close to his home.
It is Diderot's most published work.
However, since feeling without discipline can be destructive, reason was necessary to control feeling.
The book also contains criticism of Christianity.
All these scales meet the definition of diatonic scale.
As explained above, all major scales use the same interval sequence T-T-S-T-T-T-S.
As discussed elsewhere, different definitions of this set are sometimes adopted in the literature.
Only the third stanza is now Germany's national anthem.
These geographical references have been variously criticized as irredentist or misleading.
Nonetheless, the story was widely repeated.
The nation's flags flew at half-mast for over a week.
He was purged nationally, but to a lesser scale than President Liu Shaoqi.
Deng gradually outmaneuvered his political opponents.
By doing so they raise money for charity.
Many prisoners died and were buried on the moor.
These were naval prisoners, and impressed American seamen discharged from British vessels.
One risk of sharp curettage is uterine perforation.
The first step in a D and C is to dilate the cervix.
This can be done with Hegar dilators.
On rare occasions, other actors have stood in for the lead.
Many early releases have been re-released as special editions, with more bonus features.
Producers introduced the concept of regeneration to permit the recasting of the main character.
Diogenes Laertius says that he was friends with Hippocrates.
Many consider Democritus to be the "father of modern science".
He traveled to Asia, and was even said to have reached India and Ethiopia.
These techniques vary in effectiveness under different circumstances.
In this format, teams of two golfers are determined.
Use of mini marker discs is particularly prevalent in formal competitive play.
It is the extension to non-integer numbers of the Hindu-Arabic numeral system.
Some cultures do, or did, use other bases of numbers.
In this context, the usual decimals are sometimes called "terminating decimals".
The six cities would later become rivals with the Ionian cities of Asia Minor.
They have not all the same speech, but their tongues are mixed.
Heracles was a Perseid, a member of the ruling family of Greece.
For example, Men are born and remain free and equal in rights.
The draft was later modified during the debates.
Social distinctions may only be based on common utility.
Dennis Ritchie was born in Bronxville, New York.
The cause and exact time of death have not been disclosed.
In neither case is the revelation included in the Doctrine and Covenants.
The Community of Christ edition still uses the code names.
Unless otherwise specified, the document is styled a "revelation" of the person delivering it.
It is possible to define life in terms of consciousness.
The "Invisible Death" process was extremely slow and infinitesimal.
Autopsies are either performed for legal or medical purposes.
In addition, Jules Remy reported that William W. Phelps helped work out the letters.
Despite years of heavy promotion, the Deseret alphabet was never widely adopted.
Dropped vowels are marked in parenthesis.
Both Swedes and Danes also understand Norwegian better than they understand each other's languages.
Jutlandic dialect, Insular Danish and Bornholmian.
Grundtvig emphasized the role of language in creating national belonging.
For many years, "Decade" was the only Neil Young compilation album available.
Her Roman equivalent is Ceres.
Thus, humanity learned how to plant, grow and harvest grain.
These two gifts were intimately connected in Demeter's myths and mystery cults.
Death metal may include chromatic chord progressions and a varied song structure.
Deathcore combines death metal with metalcore traits.
The tapes circulated through the tape trader world, quickly establishing the band's name.
Don Quixote's explanation for everything is that they fought with an enchanted Moor.
In Part I, Quixote imposes himself on his environment.
The latter are usually focused on the psychological evolution of their characters.
Where art was concerned with traditional aesthetics, Dada ignored aesthetics.
This process has become much harder throughout the years.
Physical disks can also be bought from retailers.
There are efforts to support Debian on wireless access points.
Later, personal symbols reflecting some aspect of their character came into use.
Trudeau is coming out of deep left field.
Elizabeth Swados composed the music for Trudeau's book and lyrics.
They are based on an infinite set of prisms.
Some games use only one type, like "Exalted" which uses only ten-sided dice.
Several sides often give resources while others grant the player useful actions.
There are, however, limits to what can legally be taken from a company's refuse.
Dumpster diving can additionally be used in support of academic research.
The doctrine is not as well established in regards to civil litigation.
Sound from speakers is then produced by a conversion to analog form.
However, both technologies have their own merit.
At a steady sample rate, digital synthesis produces a stream of numbers.
It is often contrasted with noise.
What is heard are only whatever ambient sounds may occur in the room.
He did so, replacing it with a sparkling "Allegro".
Notable Dayton-based restaurant chains include Hot Head Burritos.
The name was adopted by the city's Board of Trade several years later.
It focuses on job creation and retention, infrastructure improvements, housing, recreation, and collaboration.
Diodes, both vacuum and semiconductor, can be used as shot-noise generators.
The same principle is also used for the switch matrix in solid-state pinball machines.
Diodes will prevent currents in unintended directions.
The residence halls for upperclassmen are North and Caneris Halls.
Over time, other stories were told of Daedalus.
In Homer's language, "daidala" refers to finely crafted objects.
It was carried in a cart with a woman who acted as bridesmaid.
Fishing is popular in Pass Lake, on the north side of the bridge.
In addition, the Cornet Bay Retreat Center provides cabins and dining and recreation facilities.
Ben Ure Island is partially privately owned.
Italian missionaries in China may have brought the game to Europe.
Dominoes is played at a professional level, similar to poker.
The dissociation constant is the inverse of the association constant.
He invokes a procedure that involves the "symmetry" of the physical problem.
For angles, consider an angle that lies in the z-plane.
As an example, consider the projectile problem mentioned above.
Then, an American company, General Instrument, demonstrated the feasibility of a digital television signal.
Other ways have been devised to receive digital television.
The sale of non-television services may provide an additional revenue source.
However, although this influence is accepted by some historians, it is disputed by others.
Scholars point out that definitions change with time.
The original copy of the Declaration that was sent to Avignon is lost.
Demons are sometimes included into biblical interpretation.
The existence of negative energies is acknowledged.
This statement is a clear display of Belial's influence over man regarding sin.
Often, several jets are used in series to enhance the pumping action.
Within the nozzles, the flow changes from laminar, to supersonic and molecular.
The oil of a diffusion pump cannot be exposed to the atmosphere when hot.
Alberti was born in Venice and studied music with Antonio Lotti.
They all have two movements, each in binary form.
While at the Spanish court, the famous castrato singer Farinelli heard him sing.
Day got the part after auditioning for Michael Curtiz.
Since her retirement from films, Day has lived in Carmel-by-the-Sea, California.
She has many pets and adopts stray animals.
In either case the process exploits differences in the volatility of the mixture's components.
Virtually all liquids, when mixed and heated, will display azeotropic behaviour.
A mixture of constant composition does not have multiple boiling points.
Not all were convinced.
Hilbert knew his luck when he saw it.
Hilbert continued to make changes in the text and several editions appeared in German.
The disorder is typically not serious but occasionally can be.
This includes an increased risk of a specific type of seizure called infantile spasms.
Maternal age affects the chances of having a pregnancy with Down syndrome.
Among these studies one meta-analysis found that there was functional activation as a result.
The superior temporal lobe is often also involved.
When someone who previously could read loses their ability, it is known as alexia.
An attack by Spanish forces in October of that year was repelled.
Over a hundred people were killed and thousands were wounded.
There are several bus routes from Delft to similar destinations.
These claims are not supported by epidemiologic data.
They are most closely allied with maniraptoran coelurosaurs.
After recovery, the tissue was rehydrated by the science team.
All conductors exhibit an effective diamagnetism when they experience a changing magnetic field.
The magnetic susceptibility values of various molecular fragments are called Pascal's constants.
The Lorentz force on electrons causes them to circulate around forming eddy currents.
The name of the dukedom refers to Marlborough in Wiltshire.
The family seat is Blenheim Palace in Woodstock, Oxfordshire.
The shield was Sable a lion rampant Argent, debruised by a bendlet Gules.
Odd and even columns alternately perform an addition in one cycle.
A solution which guarantees a constant maximum error is to use curve fitting.
With the optimized polynomial, the initial values can be calculated as above.
Draupnir is represented as a card in the Yu-Gi-Oh Trading Card Game.
The divergence of a vector field can be defined in any number of dimensions.
Divergence can also be generalised to tensors.
One such algorithm is long division, taught to many school children.
There are standard techniques for transforming function and optimization problems into decision problems.
Problems that are not decidable are called "undecidable".
The nodes of this database are the name servers.
Each subdomain is a zone of administrative autonomy delegated to a manager.
Letterman is also a television and film producer.
I was satisfied.
'And now, eight years later, they're among my best friends.
His mother was a nurse and his father worked in various jobs.
As a teenager, he and his mother moved to Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
When he was sixteen, they moved to San Francisco.
Johnny Carson, Rod Stewart and Gregory Peck were among Janssen's pallbearers.
They remained married until Janssen's death.
Janssen appeared in many television series before he landed programs of his own.
The term 'docetic' is rather nebulous.
Modern theories did away with "seeming".
Drachmae were minted on different weight standards at different Greek mints.
Similar information about Pheidon's obeloi was also recorded at the Parian Chronicle.
Only paper money was issued.
The Macedonian currency "denar" is also derived from the Roman denarius.
These coins were inscribed for Rome but closely resemble their Greek counterparts.
They were most likely used for trade purposes and were seldom used in Rome.
Credits in addition to writer also noted.
Mamet is credited as writer of these works except where noted.
He and Crouse have two children, Willa and Zosia.
Different notions of description give rise to different notions of definability.
This notion cannot be expressed as a formula in the language of set theory.
The algebraic numbers form a subfield of the real numbers.
After his return, De Almagro was surprised to learn of the Inca Manco's rebellion.
He and some of his men were imprisoned.
The divinity in the Bible is considered the Godhead itself, or God in general.
Or it may have reference to a deity.
Because of diffraction, however, this isn't really true.
The diameter of the background blur disk increases with the distance to the background.
With the second definition, focus spread and depth of focus are the same.
It went then through the Mediterranean Sea in ships to Gades.
The stones are sometimes inscribed in Latin, sometimes in both scripts.
This saw the dismantling of the Isca fortress, and the site was then abandoned.
The two fastest times among winners from this round participate in the championship round.
Drivers are typically seeded by elapsed times in qualifying.
Other sanctioning bodies have similarly different definitions.
Older literature makes clear distinctions between sea-draugar and land-draugar.
Then they saw that Gunnar was merry, with a joyful face.
In other languages, the latter is also often used.
Events starting at midnight are often announced as occurring the day before.
This is the time as indicated by modern sundials.
Conventional storage is row-oriented, but there are also column-oriented and correlation databases.
After the database is created, initialised and populated it needs to be maintained.
It is an extension, or a more physical next-step, to spherical wave radiation.
Dipole moment values can be obtained from measurement of the dielectric constant.
A circular polarized dipole is described as a superposition of two linear dipoles.
This makes the beer feel smooth on the palate and gives a foamy appearance.
Once a cask is opened, it should be consumed within three days.
The term "real ale" has since been expanded to include bottle-conditioned beer.
An episode with psychotic features-commonly referred to as "psychotic depression"-is automatically rated as severe.
The diagnosis hinges on the presence of single or recurrent major depressive episodes.
Psychotherapy has been shown to be effective in older people.
At Cuma the Sybil is the priestess of both Phoibos and Trivia.
Modern scholars mostly accept the identification.
He was raised in a racially mixed affluent community in Baldwin Hills, California.
Since then, I've kind of mellowed in between.
For a manifold, this coincides with the dimension mentioned above.
An inductive definition of dimension can be created as follows.
This notation was introduced by Sir Isaac Pitman.
The number of factors of "b" is given using its prime factorization.
His parents were Robert Agnew and Agnes Noble.
For the next seven years, he worked for the University as Demonstrator of Anatomy.
He returned to Nobleville to help his father in his clinic.
Accordingly, good judging implies consistent scoring across the dives.
To win the meet the diver must accumulate more points than other divers.
Diving is a separate sport in Olympic and Club Diving.
All of the articles change in the dative case.
However, the pentagons are not regular and the figure has no fivefold symmetry axes.
The "rhombic dodecahedron" is a zonohedron with twelve rhombic faces and octahedral symmetry.
In Conway polyhedron notation it can be seen as gT, a gyro tetrahedron.
Goyder named the settlement Palmerston, after the British Prime Minister Lord Palmerston.
The names of the wards are Chan, Lyons, Richardson, and Waters.
The formal definition yields an interesting distinction between two different types of dictators.
In popular usage, a "dictatorship" is often associated with brutality and oppression.
The term has also come to be associated with megalomania.
The term "field quantity" is deprecated by that standard.
The bel is seldom used, as the decibel was the proposed working unit.
There is no general rule, with various discipline-specific practices.
The latter was denied by Wallace who was a strict selectionist.
He adds, Scientists don't call it 'Darwinism'.
The series has also been adapted into a successful anime series and media franchise.
The film series is the largest by number of admissions in Japan.
Hollywood actor Jean Reno plays Doraemon.
It concerns itself with Dartmoor, a National Park in Devon, south-west England.
It is planted with a cross-section of typical native Dartmoor plants.
This marked the Monk's Path but was constantly being pushed over by cattle.
Tucker is often credited for having "refounded Dartmouth" and bringing it into national prestige.
Dartmouth's alumni are known for their devotion to the college.
These applicants are admitted to the college without regard to their financial circumstances.
Slipways and harbour improvements were also constructed.
Smith Street was also the site of the town pillory in medieval times.
Theodore Veale, recipient of the Victoria Cross during the First World War.
Clark's reports about the finds rekindled interest in the bird.
This collection includes paintings of other Mauritian animals as well, including a red rail.
Most tropical specimens were preserved as dried heads and feet.
It is valued for its timber.
Temple planted the remaining ten fruits and three germinated.
Seven of the fruits were crushed by the bird's gizzard.
Schultz was born in Baltimore, Maryland of German descent, and is a Roman Catholic.
He attended Calvert Hall College High School and Towson University.
He also posts political commentaries and podcasts on his official fansite.
In general, density can be changed by changing either the pressure or the temperature.
In practice, the void fraction is not necessarily air, or even gaseous.
This is not the same thing as volumetric mass density.
The show starred Harry Anderson as Barry and DeLane Matthews as his wife Beth.
He has also written for the Libertarian Party's national newsletter.
Barry has had dogs named Earnest, Zippy, and now Lucy.
He received a bachelor's degree in English Literature from Providence College.
Five years later, he sold his second script to "Archie Bunker's Place".
Westermann is seen as one of the founders of modern African linguistics.
He was born in Baden near Bremen and also died there.
The "j", originally a variant of "i", inherited the tittle.
The following languages have letter-diacritic combinations that are not considered independent letters.
Control subjects were asked not to play the instrument.
Generally, the longer the instrument, the lower its pitch or key.
Bands of frequencies that are not thus inhibited produce formants in the output sound.
The other two models show only distal regeneration of appendages.
Cell differentiation is the process whereby different functional cell types arise in development.
The development of plants involves similar processes to that of animals.
Amphibians include: common frog and common toad.
The most common cattle are the Galloway and Aberdeen Angus.
Reptiles include: grass snakes, adders, slowworms and common lizards.
The following are considerations.
Some dwarf planets, too, have satellites substantially less massive than the dwarf planets themselves.
The most notable exception is the Pluto-Charon system.
Protein denaturation is also a consequence of cell death.
Proteins are amino acid polymers.
The skin that forms on curdled milk is another common example of denatured protein.
Dwight Moody was born in Northfield, Massachusetts, to a large family.
His conversion sparked the start of his career as an evangelist.
Nonetheless he became a hero revivalist among Swedish Mission Friends in Sweden and America.
In general, the most effective diet is any which reduces calorie consumption.
People attempting these diets must be monitored closely by a physician to prevent complications.
Other studies have found that the average individual maintains some weight loss after dieting.
This greatly limits the extent of possible research on dubnium.
The short half-life of dubnium limits the scope of experimentation.
The American team dismissed the report.
These reactions are vital in metabolism.
Three common examples are sucrose, lactose, and maltose.
The glycosidic bond can be formed between any hydroxyl group on the component monosaccharide.
A masculine caesura can offset a hiatus, causing lengthening of an otherwise light syllable.
Hexameters are frequently enjambed, which helps to create the long, flowing narrative of epic.
Nevertheless, some reinforcement is desirable so that the poem has a natural rhythm.
The South Ecliptic pole also lies within this constellation.
It has been deformed by its gravitational interactions with the larger Milky Way.
R Doradus is one of the many variable stars in Dorado.
It is not clear whether Draco's law specified the punishment for intentional homicide.
Little is known about his life.
It also relates a folkloric story of his death in the Aeginetan theatre.
Unfortunately this interesting method does not always work in its original form.
The object known as the "bivector" is related to these ideas.
His record in Parliament was that of an earnest reformer.
In these cases, one cannot define which country has comparative advantage.
A market panic ensued.
Its name is Latin for dolphin.
Delphinus is also home to several variable stars.
She, however, wanting to protect her virginity, fled to the Atlas mountains.
Read from or writing to disk happens at the granularity of blocks.
One is the rotation of the disks inside the device.
Mechanically there are two different motions occurring inside the drive.
Wellington responded by immediately challenging Winchilsea to a duel.
He was also a remarkably practical man who spoke concisely.
He would then seek the possibility of a peace with Austria and Russia.
See list of operating systems.
Usually, a disk operating system was loaded from a disk.
Some disk operating systems were the operating system for the entire computer system.
According to him, the "Committee's use of Orwell is both confused and confusing".
Doublespeak is often used by politicians for the advancement of their agenda.
The term "doublespeak" originates in George Orwell's book "Nineteen Eighty-Four".
Kate is violently slashed to death in the elevator.
Peter is watching through the window when a blonde pulls him away.
They begin to have sex and continue at his apartment.
This formula only gives the ideal thermal efficiency.
Glow engines use glow plugs.
"Diesel" model airplane engines have variable compression ratios.
The six-person team came from Looking Glass's Austin studio.
"Such instances are essentially noninteractive", he wrote.
Production milestones served as wake-up calls for the game's direction.
He was also a dangerous free kick and penalty kick taker.
Goldblatt wrote, The celebrations were tumultuous.
He aggressively got up, stood inches from Sola's face and the two exchanged words.
He was a man of highly honourable and fervently religious character.
In the "North British Review" alone, seventy-five articles of his appeared.
He is assassinated by one of the protagonists, Evie Frye.
Initial pushbutton designs employed levers, so that each button activated two contacts.
Operators used an earlier type of multi-frequency signaling.
They consulted with companies to determine the requirements.
Few are found to unequivocally acknowledge their canonicity.
Saint Epiphanius of Salamis hesitated about the rank of the deuteros.
Myron statue, "Discobolus".
Also, a faster-spinning discus imparts greater gyroscopic stability.
The rim must be smooth, with no roughness or finger holds.
It draws heavily on graph theory and mathematical logic.
Theoretical computer science includes areas of discrete mathematics relevant to computing.
A function defined on an interval of the integers is usually called a sequence.
Resistance was largely fueled by unrestricted agricultural use.
They are stored mainly in body fat.
Each value is known as a datum.
The European Open Data portal aggregates more than half a million datasets.
However, there may also be "missing values", which must be indicated in some way.
It claims to collect them together based on statistical or clinical patterns.
The task force was chaired by Allen Frances.
Psychiatry has waged a relentless war of extermination against us.
Further types of transport are motorcycles and Bajaj.
The city is home to educational institutions.
The regional commissioner is Paul Makonda.
This is illustrated in the following example.
Consider the computational problem of finding a coloring of a given graph "G".
Examples of related problems include consensus problems, Byzantine fault tolerance, and self-stabilisation.
The city experiences long summer days and short winter days.
For much of the time since its foundation, the brewery was Dublin's largest employer.
Hail is more common than snow.
This helps to keep backwards compatibility with previous versions of DirectX.
This was compounded by negative reception surrounding the Windows port of "The Lion King".
The original logo resembled a deformed radiation warning symbol.
Cross-blocking is done by pushing the gate down with the arms, hands, or shins.
Slalom and variants of slalom were often referred to as hill races.
Serious cases may require surgery to remove the troublesome disk contents.
Dappled eyes are also possible.
Even one single, lone stripe of brindle is a brindle.
Usually, efficient data structures are key to designing efficient algorithms.
Some provide opaque data types that allow clients to hide implementation details.
Modern languages usually come with standard libraries that implement the most common data structures.
Others still in the Conservatory experienced an atmosphere that was thick with suspicion.
However, the symphony did not escape criticism.
His influence can also be seen in some Nordic composers, such as Lars-Erik Larsson.
A heavy metal-ambient soundtrack was supplied by Bobby Prince.
This character is not named throughout the game.
The project installed wider and additional highway lanes, and improved highway access and drainage.
Several well-known companies originated in or have relocated to Denver.
The Colburn Automobile Company made cars copied from one of its contemporaries, Renault.
It also has an odd parity and therefore odd orbital angular momentum "l".
This reinforces theories that much of Earth's ocean water is of cometary origin.
Rounding real numbers to integers is an example.
Frequency domain analysis is also called "spectrum-" or "spectral analysis".
With some applications, how the phase varies with frequency can be a significant consideration.
It was excerpted in the first edition of "Principia" but never published.
The rule makes it possible to introduce disjunctions to logical proofs.
One of the solutions is to introduce disjunction with over rules.
See Tradeoffs in Paraconsistent logic.
Currently, only sewage and effluent from fish ponds run in the river's channel.
The Palestinian Dead Sea Coast is about long.
The designation "Dead Sea" never appears in the Bible.
Although quite similar to other European dragons, Slavic dragons have their peculiarities.
To Vietnamese people, the dragon brings rain, essential for agriculture.
They'd say 'leave the tape with us' and we'd say 'it's our only one'.
Gore's lyrics also took on a darker tone and became even more pessimistic.
Gore, who had written Tora!
The resulting pair of differences is called a differential.
More sophisticated variations allow the key to be recovered faster than exhaustive search.
It defines the document structure with a list of legal elements and attributes.
The declarations in the external subset are located in a separate text file.
Programs for reading documents may not be required to read the external subset.
In Buddhist cosmology, Mara personifies unwholesome impulses, unskillfulness, the "death" of the spiritual life.
Iblis' ego conflated after his victory on earth.
He is the origin of Jinn as Adam is of Mankind.
Boost lag is reduced as turbo impeller inertia is compensated for.
Early Diesel engines use a similar cycle.
The overall thermal efficiency was roughly twice that of a simple gas turbine.
Erasers can remove unwanted lines, lighten tones, and clean up stray marks.
Throughout much of history, drawing was regarded as the foundation for artistic practise.
Drawing is one of the major forms of expression within the visual arts.
The Elected Town Clerk serves a three-year term and works full-time for the Town.
The Planning Board makes the original motion for those.
It is currently chartered at the Church of the Good Shepard in Oakdale Square.
Scholars have given various answers to the problem.
Deuteronomy's concept of God changed over time.
However, in tractate Sanhedrin, David expressed remorse over his transgressions and sought forgiveness.
David is mentioned several times in the Quran, often with his son Solomon.
Apart from these, all that is known of David comes from the biblical literature.
The score was composed by Matt Uelmen and integrates creepy ambience with melodic pieces.
The "Crypt" track uses a sample from "Symphony of Voices"; the choral phrase "Miserere".
He then kills Marius and sets the prison cell on fire.
Design philosophies are usually for determining design goals.
The relationship between design and production is one of planning and executing.
Thus the word "design" can be used as a noun or a verb.
If many relations are joined, it may be prohibitively slow.
There are two strategies for dealing with this.
The more common approach is to denormalize the logical data design.
On the other hand, smooth manifolds are more rigid than the topological manifolds.
Kervaire exhibited topological manifolds with no smooth structure at all.
This is also a global way of thinking about the problem.
Every diffeomorphism is a homeomorphism, but not every homeomorphism is a diffeomorphism.
When the manifold is compact, these two topologies agree.
An elegant proof was provided shortly afterwards by Hellmuth Kneser.
The American and British editions have different prologues summarizing events in the previous novel.
Eventually, news is brought that Chani has died giving birth.
Duncan remains oblivious of the programming.
It was eventually cancelled due to programmer time constraints.
Duke reaches the alien mothership on the Moon and kills an alien Overlord.
Kali allowed users to connect to a chat room to host and join games.
Second, libraries have independent concerns about revising legacy Wade-Giles catalogs to contemporary pinyin.
There are numerous rival systems for the Romanization of Chinese for Standard Chinese pronunciation.
The "Wang Bi Version" has more verifiable origins than either of the above.
This is the Chinese creation myth from the primordial Tao.
The ideas are singular; the style poetic.
The Lions' official regular season pregame show is "The Ford Lions Report".
The design consists of silver helmets, silver pants, and either blue or white jerseys.
The team wore solid blue socks along with black shoes.
Despite the Tigers great season, they entered September neck-and-neck with the Toronto Blue Jays.
Detroit added an insurance run in the ninth.
The cities of Windsor and Sarnia, Ontario, have large fanbases of loyal Tigers fans.
The other figures who retained their offices might have also betrayed Carinus.
At the behest of his court, Diocletian acceded to demands for universal persecution.
It was too much for one person to control, and Diocletian needed a lieutenant.
Locke himself was not a deist.
In addition to discovering diversity in the past, Europeans discovered diversity in the present.
"Innatist" deism was replaced by "empiricist" deism.
Rehearsal and production dramaturges are often assigned script-related duties.
Collectors would absorb and reradiate energy from the star.
A black hole would also be smaller than a star.
For example, some include battle deaths in their calculations.
Therefore, he believed it was not an intentional famine and thus not a democide.
Famine is classified by Rummel as democide if it fits the definition above.
After the death of his brother, Domitian was declared emperor by the Praetorian Guard.
By nominating himself perpetual censor, he sought to control public and private morals.
Under Vespasian and Titus, non-Flavians were virtually excluded from the important public offices.
The steel is named after Damascus, the capital city of Syria.
The Arabs introduced the wootz steel to Damascus, where a weapons industry thrived.
Recreating Damascus steel is a subfield of experimental archaeology.
Stabbed in the back?
They can now make the peace which has to be made.
Maurice later disavowed having used the term himself.
Joy, Green Tree, and others.
Davenport and the Quad Cities are home to many sports teams.
A shantytown grew in the west end of the city along the Mississippi River.
In particular, massive particles can interfere and therefore diffract.
Bragg diffraction is a consequence of interference between waves reflecting from different crystal planes.
Donaldson again refused to post bail.
He was editor-in-chief of a concise edition of the encyclopedia, which remains unpublished.
The metal workers were enslaved.
Korean dolmens exhibit a morphology distinct from the Atlantic European dolmen.
The inhabitants were metal workers.
The Sun's declination varies with the seasons.
Circumpolar stars never dip below the horizon.
Non-circumpolar stars are visible only during certain days or seasons of the year.
At least three waves of Nepalese diaspora can be identified.
Some involved large-scale transfers of people by government action.
Tyre and Carthage also colonised the Mediterranean.
He was head of the Department of Phonetics at University College, London.
He briefly took private lessons from the British phonetician Henry Sweet.
Three nineteenth-century British phoneticians worked on this topic.
In this game, Beckham assisted a goal by Matuidi from a corner.
When you see me, you see the tattoos.
Both of the goals came from corners taken by Beckham.
They use many of the same altar tools, rituals, and vocabulary as other Wiccans.
Dianics may also gather in less formal Circles.
While some McFarland covens will initiate men, the leadership is limited to female priestesses.
Some options are set as well.
The client may also request repeat data for a particular application.
Because of this, it is vulnerable to a variety of attacks.
She graduated from The Bronx High School of Science and Binghamton University.
She taught a one-quarter seminar on writing about science.
An important example is provided by affine connections.
They do not use a killing bite to the throat.
There are numerous records of leopards being treed by dholes.
During this time, he hired Frank Carlucci and Dick Cheney to serve under him.
They have three children, six grandchildren, and one great grandchild.
From my vantage point, however, quite the opposite was the case.
His research added fully a third more species to Stoddart.
Diego Garcia lies within the influence of the South Equatorial current year-round.
Sea surface temperatures are in the range of year-round.
However, the production and release of the album has faced numerous delays.
It will mark the longest ever gap between each studio release.
A promotional image released with the statement showed Shagrath returning to the keyboards.
Druze in different states can have radically different lifestyles.
Mate is often the first item served when entering a Druze home.
Traditional snacks eaten with mate include raisins, nuts, dried figs, biscuits, and chips.
A French door traditionally has a moulded panel at the bottom of the door.
Automatically opening doors are powered open and closed either by electricity, spring, or both.
The system is an invention of the Austrian artist Klemens Torggler.
Synthesis creates a normalized database design based on a known set of dependencies.
As a result, applications interacting with the database are minimally affected.
Reproduction takes place by the budding-off of small motile cells, usually with two flagella.
Later these are lost, and the pseudopods and lorica are formed.
This was later confirmed by genetic studies.
The Dalhousie Student Union Sustainability Office promotes awareness and behaviour change.
Dalplex is the largest main fitness and recreational facility.
Admission is free of charge.
Diffusion is of fundamental importance in many disciplines of physics, chemistry, and biology.
Of mass transport mechanisms, molecular diffusion is known as a slower one.
Sanskrit grammatical cases have been analyzed extensively.
Some daffynitions may be puns.
Contenders are the champions and the cup winners of the previous season.
Each federation organizes its own system of lower-level leagues.
The system was sold as the "Delta" disk operating system.
A magazine, "Dragon User", also began publication shortly after the machine's launch.
Other uses for the joystick ports include light pens.
This could produce a distinctive signal in the form of high-energy neutrinos.
The neutrino qualifies as such particle.
The Ducati Sogno was a half-frame Leica-like camera which is now a collector's item.
They have also produced outboard motors for marine use.
Dovizioso and Iannone returned for another season in with Michele Pirro as official tester.
The Nova became popular in science laboratories around the world.
This greatly reduced costs over the traditional wire-wrapping technique.
The Nova became popular in scientific and laboratory uses.
Two congregations have joined one of the other smaller Reformed churches in the Netherlands.
At the local level is the congregation.
From the Lutheran tradition are the unaltered Augsburg Confession and Luther's Catechism.
The formation of a missionary society set the stage for further "co-operative" efforts.
Stone wanted to continue to use the name Christians.
They denounced the divisive use of the Westminster Confession of Faith.
Despite this show of force, far more free-soilers than pro-slavery settlers migrated to Kansas.
Atchison was very popular with his fellow Senate Democrats.
The outrage was nonetheless accepted by the Federal government.
Examples include the Dana and Dana Wireless.
Much of the behaviour of light can be modelled using classical wave theory.
Videos are available illustrating various features of this system.
If one illuminates "two" parallel slits, the light from the two slits again interferes.
He has received an Honorary Doctor of Humane Letters from Newbury College.
He is also developing wikiCalc, a collaborative, basic spreadsheet running on the Web.
The company's focus was to produce and market "Dan Bricklin's Demo Program".
North American adoption was delayed by United States radio frequency regulations.
It also requires mandatory support for wideband audio.
Outside Europe, it is used in most of Asia, Australia and South America.
Donn is then buried on a rocky island which becomes known as Tech Duinn.
In modern Irish, "donn" is the word for the colour brown.
Positions in between the two extremes provide different mixes of the two channels.
These vinyl records do not have music recordings pressed on to them.
This technique is known as beatmatching.
Despite the city's recent financial issues, many developers remain unfazed by Detroit's problems.
The "Detroit City Code" is the codification of Detroit's local ordinances.
The pattern of segregation was later magnified by white migration to the suburbs.
This correlation is seen as driven by plume dynamics.
The mantle plume model has, however, been challenged.
Data continue to emerge which supports the plume model.
The "Don't Pursue" established what was minimally required for an investigation to be initiated.
A "Don't Harass" provision was added to the policy later.
Defense Secretary Robert Gates, Joint Chiefs Chairman Michael Mullen urged immediate repeal.
Divination is one of the tenets of Serer religion.
However, divination became viewed as a pagan practice by Christian emperors during ancient Rome.
Neither force would advance until the seer revealed appropriate omens.
Apart from that, a number of other diets were held there.
The Estates reiterated their decision from the previous Diet.
He arrived on the set, and somebody said, Gosh, he's arrived in costume!
In keeping with Kubrick's satirical character names, a "merkin" is a pubic hair wig.
Accounts vary as to why the pie fight was cut.
Fanconi Anemia is a rare, inherited blood disorder that leads to bone marrow failure.
This condition mostly affects the eyes and areas of skin exposed to the sun.
Some affected individuals also have problems involving the nervous system.
Main divisions include philosophy, social sciences, science, technology, and history.
The web edition is updated on an ongoing basis, with changes announced each month.
The Dewey Decimal Classification organizes library materials by discipline or field of study.
Both Hinduism and Buddhism emphasize that one overcomes "dukha" through the development of understanding.
Many translators prefer to leave the term untranslated.
This process is formulated in the teachings on the Four Noble Truths.
You should remove this.
One such person wrote, This is horrible.
After much discussion, a small category regarding deaths below this age limit also exists.
For example, tango is traditionally a "partner dance".
There are many varieties of dance.
Dance categories are not mutually exclusive.
This project was the foundation of the long-lasting Brazilian sports car brand Puma.
Three film adaptations have been made of Doctor Syn's exploits.
It was shot on location in England and was directed by James Neilson.
Mipps arrived in Dymchurch with the intent of settling down.
The name "Dhrystone" is a pun on a different benchmark algorithm called Whetstone.
From this he wrote the Dhrystone benchmark to correspond to a representative mix.
This effort to foil compilers was only partly successful.
BloggerCon is a user-focused conference for the blogger community.
Fargo is a free browser-based outliner which syncs with a user's Dropbox account.
In Japan, printed parts are not used during lessons.
Taiko are categorized into three types based on construction process.
Nevertheless, a number of early groups have had broad influence on the tradition.
Parton wrote and recorded the film's title song.
She continued to make inroads on the pop chart, as well.
And the last.
An identical dental morphology occurs in the large and small "Diprotodon".
The taxonomic implication is that Owen's original "Diprotodon optatum" is the only valid species.
The above hypotheses are not necessarily mutually exclusive.
He grew up in White Sulphur Springs, Montana.
While there, he appeared as a guest lead on "Hawaii Five-O".
He also made an appearance in "Charlie's Angels".
In either situation, calculations from the Doppler effect accurately determine the car's velocity.
Assume that balls travel with constant velocity.
The speed, thus magnitude of Doppler effect, changes due to earth curvature.
However, there are other forces changing the rotation rate of the Earth.
He is a proponent of the many-worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics.
Deutsch is an atheist.
He examines the nature of memes and how and why creativity evolved in humans.
The Army did not have enough men to resist the Soviet onslaught.
Because of continuous fighting and weapon shortages, weapon training was often minimal.
Nothing was cut that I didn't want cut.
Eventually is the final cut, which actually gets released or broadcast.
However, Ebert considers adding such material to a successful film a waste.
None of these machines from these manufacturers were ever marketed commercially, however.
The second half contains only the even-numbered lines.
The color of a pixel is represented by a fixed number of bits.
On Unix-like operating systems it is the "de facto" standard.
Use of these ancient versions, or any un-maintained, non-supported version is strongly discouraged.
The djbdns software consists of servers, clients, and miscellaneous configuration tools.
In djbdns, different features and services are split off into separate programs.
Previously the package was distributed free of charge as license-free software.
Both of these implementations are now open source.
Dylan is such a language.
It is described in great detail in the Dylan Reference Manual.
The Dublin Core standard originally includes two levels: Simple and Qualified.
There is no prescribed order in Dublin Core for presenting or using the elements.
Elements refinements make the meaning of an element narrower or more specific.
This language gives a common terminology for discussing the situations designers are faced with.
Pattern documentation should also explain when it is applicable.
While 'typical' near-death and mystical states occurred, they were relatively rare.
The results provided insight about the quality of subjective psychedelic experiences.
Its efficacies at other serotonin receptors remain to be determined.
It is an easier way of saying repeat from the beginning.
Sometimes the composer describes the part to be repeated, for example: "Menuet da capo".
The term "mistress" or "dominant mistress" is sometimes also used.
Most, but not all, clients of female professional dominants are men.
Tight, leather corsets are another staple garment of the dominatrix signification.
The "Orlogsflag" with no markings, may only be used by the Royal Danish Navy.
It is obvious that some confusion must have existed regarding the "Splitflag".
Here, the flag falls from the sky during a Russian campaign of Valdemar's.
It has a contextual meaning and refers to a number of ideas.
In some contemporary Indian languages and dialects it alternatively occurs as "dharm".
It has multiple meanings in Hinduism, Buddhism, and Jainism.
He defends a theory known by some as Neural Darwinism.
In this book he declares himself to be "a bright", and defends the term.
You're a philosopher.
A precise mathematical definition of Design Space is not given in "Darwin's Dangerous Idea".
Dennett supports using the notion of memes to better understand cultural evolution.
Although modestly written, this is not a modest book.
Hofstadter's doctoral student James Marshall subsequently extended the Copycat project under the name "Metacat".
They had two children, Danny and Monica.
Hofstadter is passionate about languages.
Agriculture work was largely decentralized and done by most families.
In the beginning the soldiers were criminals pressed into service rather than being executed.
Officials also sometimes imposed fines for public nuisance before allowing people to pass.
Spain recreated its dragoons in the late nineteenth century.
They also form the Dragoons Battalion of the Life Guards.
It is a species of zither.
However, he failed to find a passage.
They decided their target was Brazil.
The States General took responsibility for the warfare in Brazil.
He contributed to charitable and nonprofit organizations, including San Diego State University.
Arnaz was cremated and his ashes scattered.
His death came just five days before Ball received the Kennedy Center Honors.
They do not have nucleoproteins.
Species of the family "Nimaviridae" infect crustaceans.
After the handshakes, Ortega said he would re-establish diplomatic ties with Colombia.
These were known collectively as the Contras.
The couple has eight children, three of them together.
The first was the introduction of the steam turbine.
Built of steel, "Rattlesnake" was un-armoured with the exception of a -inch protective deck.
Four torpedo reloads were carried.
Parker also served as chair of the Joint Anti-Fascist Rescue Committee.
Following Campbell's death, Parker returned to New York City and the Volney residential hotel.
Parker later went to Miss Dana's School, a finishing school in Morristown, New Jersey.
Reitell became increasingly concerned and telephoned Feltenstein for advice.
Thomas had bronchitis and asthma in childhood and struggled with these throughout his life.
He is noted for his original, rhythmic and ingenious use of words and imagery.
The house Fernhill is just outside Llangain in Carmarthenshire.
Life on Mars?
This he refused to do, and his interview went ahead.
A band was duly assembled.
He appeared as a "crazed referee" in those ads.
Because I am Frank Booth!
After Easy Rider, it was everywhere.
This run helped them secure the fifth playoff seed in the Western Conference.
The crest on the front of the jersey was a stylized red "D".
Yaldabaoth is frequently called "the Lion-faced", "leontoeides", with the body of a serpent.
At the consummation of all things all light will return to the Pleroma.
One Gnostic mythos describes the declination of aspects of the divine into human form.
Dobrawa's date of birth is not known.
The Polish ruler accepted, and only then was able to marry the Bohemian princess.
Nothing is known about Dobrawa's childhood and youth.
He seemed rather nice.
Schaffner did as requested, then quietly asked to see the bomb.
It includes land, tools, and so on.
Distributism, therefore, advocates a society marked by widespread property ownership.
Historical positions of distributist thinkers provides insight into a distributist position on war.
It is also produced in the brain.
A number of naturally occurring isomers also exist and may have similar activities.
The decompressor computes the inverse transform based on this reduced number of Fourier coefficients.
Still, a meaningful uncertainty principle has been introduced by Massar and Spindel.
The choice above, however, is typical because it has two useful properties.
Starting with any given polyhedron, the dual of its dual is the original polyhedron.
Such pairs of polyhedra are still topologically or abstractly dual.
The dual of an "n"-dimensional tessellation or honeycomb can be defined similarly.
Even full-time orchestra jobs do not usually last for the entire year.
Vibrato is used to add expression to string playing.
Paul Hindemith used the same instrumentation as Schubert for his own Octet.
Owen went on to join Six Feet Under.
It was a really weird scene, man.
The Hoffman brothers later went on to reform Amon.
Division of labour generally also increases both producer and individual worker productivity.
But a big portion were self-employed or involved in family labour.
In modern economic discussion, the term human capital would be used.
The lamp also provided a test for the presence of gases.
Placed in a blower ... the effect was grand beyond description.
It originally burned a heavy vegetable oil.
Most stations are elevated, with others at street level, in cutting or underground.
The criticism arose partly because the system usage was higher than expected.
This included replacing canopies with more substantial ones along the full platform length.
The post war period saw expansion of industry to estates along the Kingsway.
Dundee was said to be built on the 'three Js': Jute, Jam and Journalism.
Modernisation of the city centre continued in the post-war period.
These segments were shot entirely on film, on location in London.
According to his mother, Christopher was a typical eight-year-old.
Misskelley specifically said he was "scared of the police" during this confession.
His mother was awarded custody and later married Terry Hobbs.
That's all we need.
The disease eventually killed him.
This award supports talented young Scottish artists.
Other media forms have also been released.
The toy began as the simple concept of a Tamagotchi mainly for boys.
Guilmon takes form from Takato's sketchings of a new Digimon.
Court-martial my David?
He elected to remain in Britain and their son Ronald remained with him.
This was now at Lord Kitchener's specific request, for the Khartoum expedition.
King Henry in turn reconfirmed Magna Carta and the Charter of the Forest.
The Dictum of Kenilworth was later incorporated into the Statute of Marlborough.
In August, the king summoned a parliament at Kenilworth, where the siege was ongoing.
It forms part of the boroughs of Southwark, Tower Hamlets, Lewisham, Newham and Greenwich.
The various docks tended to specialise in different forms of produce.
The Docklands historically had poor transport connections.
They may also be referred to as a railcar or railmotor, depending on country.
The power to weight ratio also tends to be worse.
They remain in widespread use.
William S. Burroughs' first book, "Junkie", was published as an Ace Double.
Few of them had any publishing experience before they found themselves running Ace.
That year he also published and edited another short-lived fanzine, "Phantagraph".
Digital cinemas can deliver live broadcasts from performances or events.
This film was digitally mastered at Real Image Media Technologies in India.
Digital cinemas' efficiency of storing images has a downside.
In the later legislative election, the Pan-Blue Coalition opposition retained control of the chamber.
Its platform was pro-environment and pro-democracy.
The results led to a shake up of the party leadership.
They usually disappear in a few years.
Most species are suited to being planted outside or in containers.
Nathaniel Hawthorne refers to one type in "The Scarlet Letter" as "apple-Peru".
Equivalently, if and only if the abelianization of the group is trivial.
Equivalently, if and only if the group equals its abelianization.
See above for the definition of a group's abelianization.
It is often broadcast as an annual Christmas television special.
Several of the specials won multiple Emmy Awards.
That summer, Geisel released a second volume of "Secrets".
It is the digital analogue of optical film compositing.
Each image consists of the same number of pixels.
This refined dandyism continued to be regarded as an essential strand of male Englishness.
Singularity is his vocation, excess his way to perfection.
Evander Berry Wall was nicknamed the "King of the Dudes".
In the socialist era, every film was dubbed with professional and mostly popular actors.
Tagalized Movie Channel and Tag airs Hollywood and Asian movies dubbed in Filipino.
Animated movies are shown in theaters with Romanian dubbing.
The Bowyer-Watson algorithm provides another approach for incremental construction.
Fortunately, several techniques exist which can take an existing mesh and improve its quality.
Terminology varies from one jurisdiction to another.
Defendants must be present at every stage of the proceedings against them.
Defendants can set up an account to pay for litigation costs and legal expenses.
He flourished in the reigns of Tiberius, Caligula, Claudius and Nero.
Many of Simmons' works have strong ties with classic literature.
Affre was born at Saint-Rome-de-Tarn, in the department of Aveyron.
He opened new parishes in the working-class neighborhoods of the city.
Milton Berle and Robin Williams were famous for it.
As the foundation's president, Leary has been active in all of the fundraising.
He wrote the American adaptation of "Sirens".
The occurrence of Olney's lesions in humans, however, has not been proven or disproven.
Dutch academic titles are legally protected.
No specific notation or title for the medical disciplines exists in the Netherlands.
He followed his brother Kenneth I to the Pictish throne.
This, however, is not widely accepted.
He was buried on Iona.
The song is played during the episode.
It has received numerous treatments in various media-most prominently Schubert's quartet of that name.
For Derrida language is dogmatic because it is inescapably metaphysical.
This is because Kant defines the term critique as the opposite of dogmatism.
The product of topological spaces is another instance.
The direct product can be abstracted to an arbitrary category.
He lived and worked in this city but later taught at Rhodes.
The work was translated into Armenian and Syriac in the early Christian era.
Most of the time it refers to the Virgin Mary, Our Lady.
The masculine of Despina is Despot or the equivalent of ruler or king.
In the report, this is described as "State sponsored homophobia".
Intersex persons experience discrimination due to innate, atypical sex characteristics.
This practice continues with some present day governments.
John Mitchell, author of "Concepts in Programming Languages," also uses this terminology.
One example where a deque can be used is the "A-Steal" job scheduling algorithm.
This algorithm implements task scheduling for several processors.
This effect becomes more pronounced as more alkenes are involved to create greater stability.
The most heavily practiced reaction of alkenes, dienes included, is polymerization.
An important reaction for conjugated dienes is the Diels-Alder reaction.
Both books are written from a supposed canine perspective on the joys of life.
I was forced to reconsider everything I'd once believed.
Many of his novels are set in and around Orange County, California.
One in a million has planets around it.
The project was well designed, inexpensive, and simple by today's standards.
The equation that bears Drake's name arose out of his preparations for the meeting.
Summers are dry and hot with less humidity.
Tishreen Park is one of the largest and popular parks in Damascus.
In Antiquities i.
Many principles of diplomatic immunity are now considered to be customary law.
However, the State Department still has the right to expel the diplomat.
He left Singapore for Romania three days after the accident.
Multiple chips with the common address lines are called a memory rank.
Adding modules to the single memory bus creates additional electrical load on its drivers.
Many new chipsets use these memory types in multi-channel configurations.
After the end of the original series, Rosa sometimes produced additional "missing" chapters.
Fortunately, the French magazine "Picsou" was eager to publish the stories.
Payne is a retired social studies middle school teacher.
Vertov's interest in machinery led to a curiosity about the mechanical basis of cinema.
I am a mechanical eye.
He called it damp and dark.
A state may levy, however, a franchise tax on the corporations incorporated in it.
National banks are, however, corporations formed under federal law, not Delaware law.
The court cited employee affidavits attesting to one party's commitment over the other's.
Since the river is fairly short, it has few tributaries.
Proposals have been made to create a third crossing to connect Detroit and Windsor.
Local economies benefit through boating registrations and fishing licenses.
Its most notable feature are its long, narrow, upcurved jaws with a pointed tip.
It, however, leaves unanswered many questions.
Place names are misspelled by the person who made the summary.
The following notes are based on interpretations by the Polish historian Gerard Labuda.
These images recur in later work as well.
His mother, a teacher, loved the arts and often recited poetry around the house.
Decipherment in cryptography refers to decryption.
Archaeological and historical information is helpful in verifying hypothesized decipherments.
The zones were labelled A to J, repeating after J.
This guaranteed predictable annual income.
Rohrabacher is against President Obama's gradual draw down of troops supporting a full withdrawal.
Rohrabacher's delegation was subsequently asked to leave the country.
Rohrabacher stated I applaud their efforts and accomplishments over the past fifty years.
Herbert York from Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory was hired as his scientific assistant.
There was a second symbolic coronation held later.
The king was prepared to send Dunstan away.
Dunstan retired to Canterbury, to teach at the cathedral school.
The percentage stated of cases involving kidnapping varies considerably, depending on the source.
Even some cult critics have denounced it on legal and ethical grounds.
According to Carol Giambalvo, "exit cousellors are usually former cult members themselves".
The "Planet" saw its share of rough times during White's tenure.
During the story "Infinite Crisis", parts of the Post-Crisis history were altered.
The paper was quickly reinstated, rehiring all of its old staff.
Where they do not, a protocol converter is necessary.
This is a protocol requirement and has nothing to do with link synchronisation.
Generally the orthography of the script reflects the pronunciation of the language.
It is inbuilt in all modern major operating systems.
Conjuncts are used mostly with loan words.
It is not customary for these missions to share premises nor diplomatic personnel.
Therefore, the Embassy operates in the Chancery.
Some cities may host more than one mission from the same country.
There are four jump instructions.
The integer arithmetic instructions use the integer operate instruction formats.
Logical and shift instructions use the integer operate instruction formats.
Its involvement in this formalized, regulated martial endeavor did something to restore its reputation.
When not in battle, the "pugio" served as a convenient utility knife.
Iberian daggers and swords were later adopted by Hannibal and his Carthaginian armies.
At the age of twenty-four or twenty-five, he was ordained to the priesthood.
From a number of accounts, singing was apparently one of Dominic's great delights.
First, spiritually it emulated the moral essence of Christ's life.
The latter two songs were written by Houston native Terri Sharp.
This claim was disputed, notably by Fox.
He has another extended family in Los Angeles and Boston.
It is also the name of its main character.
The series is a gag-a-day comic.
Several newspapers in the Netherlands publish the comic in their daily edition.
The player receives points upon shooting each duck.
Several user groups have rated the game positively.
The toy version was designed by Gunpei Yokoi and Masayuki Uemura for Nintendo.
In addition, the audio and video quality was improved from that previously available.
Unable to accommodate prisoners, the captain orders the boat away.
The director's meticulous attention to detail resulted in a historically accurate depiction.
This helps keep your documents small and the scripts that manipulate the document fast.
The object model provides programmatic access to styles.
Schools have a responsibility to adopt a proactive policy for managing technology barriers.
The two methods can be combined.
For example, students can review their lessons more than once according to their need.
Although they do not have a child, the marriage endures.
George trains for the army and is sent to France.
George is brought up to be a proper and patriotic member of English society.
The project describes itself as "an organized sampling of the world".
The project categorizes degree confluences as either "primary" or "secondary".
Would other people have recognized this as a unique spot?
Kaye is the only non-professional chef to have received this honor.
His mother died when he was in his early teens.
Sylvia was an audition pianist.
He also contributed the short-lived "Sherry the Showgirl" and "Showgirls" for Atlas.
Under editor-in-chief Stan Lee, his first assignment was the teen-humor series "Jeanie".
The two predeceased their father.
In Hungary debit cards are far more common and popular than credit cards.
The first technology to be used was MasterCard PayPass, later joined by Visa's payWave.
Almost all business and stores in Poland accept debit and credit cards.
This more powerful hardware allows for high definition graphics and enhanced features.
SuperNova didn't support memory card slots.
In addition, each difficulty rating would also be labeled with a title.
The two powers promised each other support in case of attack by Russia.
Sigmund Freud believed that we all had a conscious, preconscious, and unconscious level.
Children who achieve success in school or games might develop a feeling of competence.
In the replication machineries these components coordinate.
The lagging strand is synthesized in short, separated segments.
By the time Daisy returns to the room, Donald has wrecked it.
However, she does not have a speaking role in the prequel.
The short ends with an impressed Daisy showering her new boyfriend with kisses.
Nevertheless, laid-off technology experts, such as computer programmers, found a glutted job market.
University degree programs for computer-related careers saw a noticeable drop in new students.
Discounted cash flow models are powerful, but they do have shortcomings.
All the above assumes that the interest rate remains constant throughout the whole period.
See Capital asset pricing model for a further discussion of this.
For epithets of gods of monotheistic religions, see Names of God.
For deities whose cult is fictional see List of deities in fiction.
It is also close to a large marshy area called Dachauer Moos.
The oldest findings of human presence here date back to the Stone Age.
The microbiota in the gut of "Drosophila" represents an active current research field.
They can be found in deserts, tropical rainforest, cities, swamps, and alpine zones.
Some northern species hibernate.
It might be seen as a republican form of enlightened despotism.
It has been argued that stable dictatorships behave differently than unstable dictatorships.
Grappelli remained in the United Kingdom for the duration of the war.
He continued to play in Paris jazz clubs and began playing electric guitar.
His modernist piece "Rhythm Futur" was intended to be acceptable.
Her body was cremated.
When she was three, her adoptive parents divorced, and she lived with her mother.
Her death was eventually ruled a suicide.
Drop kicks are also optional for a penalty kick to score a penalty goal.
The kicking foot usually makes contact with the ball slightly on the instep.
The kick went out of bounds.
Derry is characterised by its distinctively hilly topography.
The district also extends into rural areas to the southeast of the city.
They also field hurling teams in the equivalent tournaments.
He achieved this consolidation of Afghanistan in three ways.
Abdur Rahman also paid attention to technological advance.
Workmen making roads had to be protected by the army against local warriors.
Without Kahlbaum and Hecker there would be no dementia praecox.
Still, he regarded it as a specific disease concept that implied incurable, inexplicable madness.
Kraepelin continued to equate dementia praecox with hebephrenia for the next six years.
The Cornwall Wildlife Trust records about one such death a year.
See cetacean intelligence for more details.
Membership in pods is not rigid; interchange is common.
A division ring is a type of noncommutative ring.
Every division ring is therefore a division algebra over its center.
All fields are division rings; more interesting examples are the non-commutative division rings.
It does not restrict symbols and connectors from various categories from being placed together.
It was part of the New Millennium Program, dedicated to testing advanced technologies.
During the mission, high quality infrared spectra of Mars were also taken.
The resulting pictures were disappointingly indistinct.
David turned him into the representation of a collective, popular power.
In this unstable political climate David's work remained unfinished.
It was the first "generalized copyleft" license.
Drum parts are most commonly written on a standard five-line staff.
It provides a fuller sound and is a commonly taught technique.
The hi-hat has a similar function to the ride cymbal.
In role-playing game circles, this sort of magic system is called 'Vancian' or 'Vancean'.
Wolfe has extended the series.
Some particular works since Vance should be singled out.
Some disputes need the coercive power of the state to enforce a resolution.
The legal system provides resolutions for many different types of disputes.
Some disputants will not reach agreement through a collaborative process.
The official website for the world of Catan.
However, online rules state that Gold can only buy you resources, not commodities.
Unlike the robber, the merchant has a beneficial effect.
In this scenario, players begin with a pre-placed settlement on a main island.
Thus, a chain of ships is always anchored at a settlement on the coast.
Cloth tokens, in turn, are worth one victory point for each pair obtained.
This is known as the rectification theorem.
The hyperbolic case is also "structurally stable".
Aleksandr Lyapunov developed many important approximation methods.
There are parallels for this in Roman and Jewish law.
If they refused to accept either of the options they would be killed.
In some cases, religious practices that Muslims found repugnant were allowed.
The second problem concerned saving progress.
It also allowed users to upload game images taken from the Internet.
The menus were spartan and purely functional in nature.
Two outer wing tanks each contained of fuel.
As the altitude increased, the valve increased the volume applied by a pump.
Subsequent versions continued in this role throughout the war.
Thomas was raised a Master Mason in Sol.
Thomas also suggested Sanders make commercials that he appear in himself.
Not Wendy, but Wenda.
Drivers are hardware dependent and operating-system-specific.
If such drivers malfunction, they do not cause system instability.
Many plants have since closed.
Dimona Silica Industries Limited manufactures precipitated silica and calcium carbonate fillers.
Dimona Railway Station is located in the southwestern part of the city.
By then, however, Wheeler-Nicholson had gone.
The company released these variants to newsstands in certain markets as a marketing test.
Combat", "The Unknown Soldier", and "Weird War Tales".
The field of Diophantine approximation deals with the cases of "Diophantine inequalities".
The mathematical study of Diophantine problems that Diophantus initiated is now called Diophantine analysis.
Hermite normal form may also be used for solving systems of linear Diophantine equations.
However, the accuracy of the information cannot be independently confirmed.
One solution was all he looked for in a quadratic equation.
Diophantus considered negative or irrational square root solutions "useless", "meaningless", and even "absurd".
The Duke Kahanamoku Invitational Surfing Championships are named in his honor.
His father was a policeman.
"Duke" was not a title or a nickname, but a given name.
Exceptional performance of normal duty will not alone justify an award of this decoration.
The Defense Distinguished Service Medal is awarded only while assigned to a joint activity.
At the top is a suspender of five graduated gold rays.
Additional awards of the Defense Distinguished Service Medal are denoted by oak leaf clusters.
Banditry is criminal activity involving robbery by groups of armed bandits.
Sax Rohmer's criminal mastermind Doctor Fu Manchu also employed Burmese dacoits as his henchmen.
A new building code promoted energy efficiency.
It concludes with fireworks after dark.
This is just west of Davis near the Yolo County Airport.
His relatives in his birthplace of Manhattan, Kansas included several newspapermen.
She became his companion after he separated from his wife.
He began to work in the newspaper trade under his father in Pueblo.
He worked at the Leo Burnett agency in Chicago, Illinois.
The agency placed anthropomorphic faces of 'critters' on packaged goods.
Tennant was also in charge of the Marlboro account and invented the Marlboro Man.
The late-night music program "Nightmoves" aired "The Truth About De-Evolution".
The band quickly settled for an undisclosed sum.
During an interview with the "Dallas Observer", Gerald Casale said, "It's just aesthetically offensive.
Chihuly settled the lawsuit independently with Rubino initially, and later Kaindl as well.
However, at his mother's urging, he enrolled at the College of Puget Sound.
Chihuly said the melting wall represented the "dissolution of barriers" between people.
He hopes the project will help improve living standards in developing countries.
During his career Kamen has won numerous awards.
Derivatives trading of this kind may serve the financial interests of certain particular businesses.
Different types of derivatives have different levels of counter party risk.
Nor is the contract standardized, as on the exchange.
Pepin the Short's coronation may have also come from the same influence.
Ponet's pamphlet was republished on the eve of King Charles I's execution.
In Japan, the Son of Heaven title was less conditional than its Chinese equivalent.
It would become an obvious inspiration for his eventual design of the Dalek.
Davros' voice, like those of the Daleks, is electronically distorted.
"Doctor Who Magazine" printed several comics stories involving Davros.
Later stories saw them develop time travel and a space empire.
The two had a falling out, and Nation either resigned or was fired.
This leaves Dalek Caan as the last Dalek in existence.
He will live on in our hearts forever.
Jones was married three times.
Jones also appeared in several productions of Oliver!
Dolly was the first clone produced from a cell taken from an adult mammal.
It gained much attention in the media.
Dolly lived her entire life at the Roslin Institute in Edinburgh.
I bettered myself.
Frank Yaconelli was named as her co-star and 'comic killer'.
As Fuller remembered, she was the one putting bread on the table.
Settlers occupied the abandoned fort and nearby areas.
Most of Des Moines' commercial radio stations are owned by one of four companies.
Burlington Trailways, Jefferson Lines, and Megabus run long-distance, inter-city bus routes through Des Moines.
Each engine was rated at thrust.
We can have the car on the track within three years.
It was the car's tremendous structural integrity that saved his life.
Directed sets are a generalization of nonempty totally ordered sets.
Likewise, lattices are directed sets both upward and downward.
Edward Bellamy died of tuberculosis in Chicopee Falls, Massachusetts.
The couple had two children.
He suffered with its effects throughout his adult life.
In other cases, the letter is silent, generally at the end of words.
It has been described as expressing "the basic relationship between scarcity and choice".
Sceptics of fiscal policy also make the argument of Ricardian equivalence.
Such factors include capital accumulation, technological change and labour force growth.
Many electronic paper technologies hold static text and images indefinitely without electricity.
These displays are constructed from an electrophoretic imaging film manufactured by E Ink Corporation.
Several companies are simultaneously developing electronic paper and ink.
These plumes can produce hotspots and flood basalts.
The ozone layer blocks ultraviolet solar radiation, permitting life on land.
The combination of these processes recycles the oceanic crust back into the mantle.
Freight trains also use the tunnel.
Singapore, the Cape, Alexandria, Gibraltar, Dover.
There was no loss of life.
Fireworks were set off all over it.
Eiffel chose this "invocation of science" because of his concern over the artists' protest.
The imposition of copyright has been controversial.
Philosophers before Sidgwick have also retroactively been identified as ethical egoists.
Fleeting pleasure, then, takes a back seat to protracted eudaimonia.
Ethical egoism has been alleged as the basis for immorality.
Here, plants evolve that have resistance to high levels of metals in the soil.
Sex usually increases genetic variation and may increase the rate of evolution.
The presence or absence of gene flow fundamentally changes the course of evolution.
He held his own.
His father died just before he was thirteen.
We could learn a great deal from their writing.
Australia and New Zealand have large European derived populations.
Sea creatures are also an important part of European flora and fauna.
Europe, in particular ancient Greece, was the birthplace of Western civilization.
There are two main subgroups, the euglenids and kinetoplastids.
The euglenozoa are generally accepted as monophyletic.
The group is characterized by the ultrastructure of the flagella.
Some contemporary philosophers have offered more sustainable accounts of the distinction.
Reliabilism has been challenged by Gettier cases.
God gave man the ability to know, but not omniscience.
There are also shared traditions, such as Zamenhof Day, and shared behaviour patterns.
Detractors of Esperanto occasionally criticize it as "having no culture".
Physicists and engineers engage in different lines of work.
In response, some western engineering companies have enacted serious corporate and social responsibility policies.
In the Middle Ages, the trebuchet was developed.
Formal education occurs in a structured environment whose explicit purpose is teaching students.
Surveys suggest these types of schools are expanding across Africa and Asia.
They focused on individualized instruction and functional skills.
Encyclopedia entries are longer and more detailed than those in most dictionaries.
The best known of these were "World Book" and "Funk and Wagnalls".
Encyclopedias have progressed from written form in antiquity, to print in modern times.
To install the printer, the lamp cover and light bulbs had to be removed.
In German military practice, communications were divided into separate networks, each using different settings.
The Army and Air Force Enigmas were used with several rotors, initially three.
This continuous regeneration means that small amounts of coenzymes can be used very intensively.
Enzymes must bind their substrates before they can catalyse any chemical reaction.
Enzymes' specificity comes from their unique three-dimensional structures.
Relational ethics in close personal relationships form a central concept of contextual therapy.
This made thinkers look again at second order questions about ethics.
Misconduct in research can occur when an experimenter falsifies results.
Hence an equivalence relation is a relation that is "Euclidean" and "reflexive".
Each element of "P" is a "cell" of the partition.
Moreover, the elements of "P" are pairwise disjoint and their union is "X".
Sometimes, there is a section that is more "natural" than the other ones.
Aristotle and his teacher Plato both wrote on the theory and purpose of theatre.
Board games, such as Go, "Monopoly" or backgammon need a board and markers.
They presented conquered peoples and nations that exalted the prestige of the victor.
Likewise, this method only gives the best yields for primary halides.
Reaction with chlorine produces alpha-chloroethers.
Cyclic ethers are readily generated by this approach.
The motions as described above are simplifications.
The ecliptic is well defined by the motion of the Sun.
The crossing from north to south is the autumnal equinox or descending node.
These nations, once separate, are now part of another country.
Cases of voluntary accession are included.
One may consider the directrix of a circle to be the line at infinity.
The pole is the point, the polar the line.
With help of Rytz's construction the axes and semi-axes can be retrieved.
Because of the timing, these attacks have been interpreted as vindictive.
Female Asians have very small ones, or none at all.
There appear to be cohesive family units and loose aggregations.
Some scholars abandoned the question of the origin of language as unsolvable.
In general, evidence suggests that the protein is vital to neuroplasticity.
The station intercepted satellite communications over the Atlantic and Indian Oceans.
The video game series "Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell" also draws inspiration from this.
Alternative rock band Thirty Seconds to Mars' first album includes a song called "Echelon".
There are two kinds of equations: identity equations and conditional equations.
The left member has three terms and the right member one term.
Currently, analytic geometry designates an active branch of mathematics.
Hedonism, for example, is the view that goodness is ultimately just pleasure.
It was peer reviewed by four philosophers.
In this way, he says, science can tell us what to value.
According to G. E. Moore, Goodness is a simple, undefinable, non-natural property.
However, these two types of property are quite different.
Suppose a definition of "good" is "pleasure-causing.
The soundtrack album broke into the top ten.
The following year, he began bringing his guitar in on a daily basis.
The family attended an Assembly of God, where he found his initial musical inspiration.
As the voice dies away as well, Ash grabs Linda's necklace in gratitude.
The film's press attracted the attention of British film distribution agent Stephen Woolley.
Meanwhile, Ash gives Linda a silver necklace, which she absolutely loves.
This is similar to the "equi-marginal principle" developed by Alfred Marshall.
This is a necessary but not a sufficient condition for successful economic calculation.
Financial losses remove these inept entrepreneurs from positions of authority in industry.
The Lunar Society was instrumental as an intellectual driving force behind England's Industrial Revolution.
The work probably resulted from his liaison with Mary Parker.
The hall and village are these days known as Radbourne.
It is named after the Ediacara Hills of South Australia.
Realists, in contrast, hold that perceptions or sense data are caused by mind-independent objects.
What exists is in non-existence, because the subject changes.
It must be about "existence" as well.
This is commonly described as "too much money chasing too few goods".
This increase in price is called inflation.
A disperser is a related graph.
"See" randomness extractor.
"Enterprise application suite" is an alternate name for such systems.
Small projects can require months; multinational and other large implementations can take years.
Customization can substantially increase implementation times.
The solution was then used to bathe a non-innervated second heart.
Endocrinology involves caring for the person as well as the disease.
Blood is then sampled to assess the changes of the relevant hormones or metabolites.
The pancreas is a mixocrine gland and it secretes both enzymes and hormones.
In vertebrates, the hypothalamus is the neural control center for all endocrine systems.
Paracrines are slower acting, targeting cells in the same tissue or organ.
Every connected graph is an expander; however, different connected graphs have different expansion parameters.
The complete graph has the best expansion property, but it has largest possible degree.
State schools teach students a second language, usually French, German or Spanish.
Filmer wrote on the Divine Right of Kings.
Other large airports include Manchester Airport, London Stansted Airport, Luton Airport and Birmingham Airport.
The Lisbon Treaty further strengthened the leadership ambitions.
The euro currency became the second largest reserve currency in the world.
Notwithstanding its different configurations, it is considered to be one single body.
The name was published by Nakai.
The order includes trees, bushes, lianas, and herbaceous plants.
These families are typical of newer classifications.
These make up a basal group of asterids.
When he was hired, he was one of the first full-time anthropologists in Canada.
He was also growing to feel isolated from his American colleagues.
Neither the Sapirs nor the Delsons were in favor of the match.
The Neo-Pagan holiday of Ostara occurs at roughly the same time as Easter.
In Easter Sunday friends and family hit each other's egg with their own.
As such, for Christians, the Easter egg is a symbol of the empty tomb.
Easter Saturday is therefore the Saturday "after" Easter Sunday.
It is commonly referred to by many Witnesses as simply "The Memorial".
Other works are credibly attributed to Euclid, but have been lost.
However, there is no certain evidence of this.
At Berkeley, he once again found that he was not well-suited to his subject.
After the shooting finished, Herzog handed Morris an envelope with cash in it.
Herzog arrived on schedule, but Morris had second thoughts and was not there.
The success of this business depended on the successful defense of the Wentworth grants.
Allen stayed there for two days and was treated politely.
In that year, he became part owner of an iron furnace in Salisbury.
General Jose Ma.
On the same day, Ecuador's new constitution came into effect.
The military triumvirate that was effectively running the country also endorsed Noboa.
The coastal economy revolved around shipping and trade.
Several of the larger islands, however, have freshwater springs.
Major rivers in the Oriente include the Pastaza, Napo, and Putumayo.
This effect is greatest along the southern coast of Ecuador.
Moreover, the precise criteria for defining ethnic groups varies considerably.
The city has also synagogue of Messianic Judaism.
Most Ecuadorians speak Spanish, though many speak Amerindian languages such as Kichwa.
The central government polity is a four-yearly elected presidential, unicameral representative democracy.
Party discipline is traditionally weak, and routinely many deputies switch allegiance during each Congress.
Presidents and legislators may be re-elected immediately.
A minor industrial activity is also concentrated in Cuenca.
The industrial sector has had enormous difficulty to emerge significantly.
This circumstance was due to the fact that imports grew faster than exports.
Standard defamation laws apply to content posted online.
Diverse sources of national and international information are available via the Internet.
Self-censorship of comments critical of the government is encouraged.
The Pan-American Highway crosses it from North to South.
There is no railway service to Peru.
Whereas various types of Infantry weapons were acquired from Belgium.
Tasks include fighting organised crime, anti-narcotic operations and illegal immigration.
Since then, Chinese radars, anti-aircraft systems and infantry weapons were purchased.
Unlike the White Nile, the Blue Nile carries a considerable amount of sediment.
Other areas of the delta are used for agriculture.
The Eastern Desert is relatively mountainous.
Rates for primary and secondary education have strengthened in recent years.
In The Upper Nile valley, Sa'idi Arabic is prevalent.
The literacy rate in modern Egyptian society is highly debated.
The Secretary General of the League has traditionally been an Egyptian.
Parliament can also impeach the President.
The President is elected for four-year term that can be renewable once.
This low salinity water is used for many purposes.
Enforcement of these newly adopted regulatory frameworks remain, sometime problematic.
The major industries include textiles, hydrocarbon and chemical production, and generic pharmaceutical production.
Both stations mostly broadcast mainly to the Greater Cairo region.
Mail post is never considered as a reliable communication mean in Egypt.
Currently, there are three companies which offer cellular communication service: Orange, Vodafone and Etisalat.
There are few, if any road markings.
Rare winter rains can cause extremely slippery road surfaces or localized flooding.
Trains are usually a safe means of transportation in Egypt.
He would prove himself grossly incompetent as a general during the Suez Crisis.
The Central Security Forces comes under the control of the Ministry of Interior.
The Armed Forces enjoy considerable power and independence within the Egyptian state.
Additionally, the first meeting of the Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary assembly was co-chaired by an Egyptian.
The Egyptian government has seen Qatar as a source of instability.
Egypt's policy on Sudan is that it is in favor of a united Sudan.
The Yuca is sometimes served boiled instead of fried.
This season is known locally as "verano", or summer.
The rainy season, known locally as "invierno", or winter, extends from May to October.
Legislative power is vested in both the government and the Legislative Assembly.
The presidential period is five years.
Departments of Agriculture and Defense.
This has been the main source of fiscal imbalance.
The president occasionally uses this law to highlight his accomplishments.
Internet access is available in public places throughout the country.
There are several seaports on the Pacific Ocean, and two international airports.
Women have begun to serve in the military.
There are female helicopter pilots and female aircraft pilots.
The East Theater was made to penetrate Honduras with armored and artillery force.
Most of the Asian population is Chinese, with small numbers of Indians.
Equatorial Guinea has a tropical climate with distinct wet and dry seasons.
There is little popular music coming out of Equatorial Guinea.
The name of the country was changed to Equatorial Guinea.
The economy collapsed, and skilled citizens and foreigners left.
The climate is tropical-heavy rainfall, high humidity, and frequent seasonal changes with violent windstorms.
The relative humidity, however, is higher than in Bioko.
Coastal plains rise to interior hills; islands are volcanic.
The Bubi, who constitute fifteen percent of the population, are indigenous to Bioko Island.
Annobonese speak a Portuguese Creole, named Annobonese, as their first language.
However, the government budget still does not include all revenues and expenditures.
He is elected by popular vote to a seven-year term.
Religious freedom is tolerated.
Application of the laws remains selective.
Equatorial Guinea's policies, as defined by law, comprise an open investment regime.
Riaba is the other port of any scale on Bioko but is less active.
The state maintains direct or indirect control of all broadcast media.
The president's eldest son owns the only private radio station.
Journalists are subject to surveillance and practice self-censorship.
There are currently no railways in Equatorial Guinea.
Its main airport is Malabo International Airport in Punta Europa, Bioko Island.
During the rainy season, roads are frequently impassable without four-wheel drive vehicles.
There is also a Gendarmerie, but the number of members is unknown.
Almost none of its Soviet-style light-armored vehicles or trucks are operational.
Spain maintained a bilateral assistance program in Equatorial Guinea.
The government's official policy is one of nonalignment.
Much of the material used to combat Ethiopia was captured from the army.
Details of the Axumite Kingdom, never abundant, become even more scarce after this point.
The degree of Aksum's control over Yemen is uncertain.
Eritrean climate varies on the basis of seasonal and altitudinal differences.
Each has a different climate pattern.
The climate of most lowland zones is arid and semiarid.
The Tigre reside in the western lowlands in Eritrea.
Muslim adherents are mainly rural and have interbred with the adjacent Tigre.
They mainly live along the north-western border with Sudan.
The regions are based on the hydrological properties of area.
At the conclusion of the proceedings, both nations acquiesced to the decision.
These Regional Assemblies are popularly elected within each region.
The Eritrean economy has undergone extreme changes due to the War of Independence.
Eritrea does not publish a budget, making its fiscal condition difficult to assess.
Eritrea's substantial mineral deposits are largely unexplored.
However, it is one of several internet service providers in the country.
The government is seeking international tenders to improve the system.
Most fixed line telephones are located in Asmara, the capital and largest city.
Typically they are improved earth roads which are occasionally paved.
There are no rail links with adjacent countries.
The Eritrean highway system is named according to the road classification.
The size of Eritrea's population is small, particularly when compared to its neighbors.
The Army is by far the largest, followed by the Air Force and Navy.
At present, Eritrea has very tense relations with neighboring Ethiopia and Djibouti.
Since the border conflict Ethiopia no longer uses Eritrean ports for its trade.
Immediately after Eritrea's independence from Ethiopia, relations were cordial despite the former relationship.
Estonia has a temperate climate, with four seasons of near-equal length.
The climate is maritime, wet, with moderate winters and cool summers.
One of the most burdensome legacies of the Soviet era is widespread environmental pollution.
The increase was detected through methodological changes in data collection.
Estonian and Finnish are only distantly related to the Hungarian language.
Initially a population decrease had been reported.
Estonia uses a voting system based on proportional representation.
Executive power is exercised by the Government which is led by the Prime Minister.
The local authorities have developed in much the same direction.
Before the war, Estonia and Finland had a relatively similar standard of living.
Estonia imports needed petroleum products from western Europe and Russia.
The coastal seawater is polluted in certain locations, mainly the east.
This concession was critical for developing a competitive market.
Internet penetration blossomed.
National roads form the core of Estonian road network.
With a few exceptions, all of them are on the Baltic Sea.
Lennart Meri Tallinn Airport is the largest airport in Estonia.
Estonia has become an increasingly strong supporter of deepening European integration.
Ratification is still pending.
Estonia is represented in Uruguay through an honorary consulate in Montevideo.
Most Christians live in the highlands, whereas Muslims mainly inhabit the lowlands.
Among these are the Mursi and Anuak.
Additionally, Nilo-Saharan languages are spoken by the nation's Nilotic ethnic minorities.
Most opposition parties chose to boycott these elections.
The prime minister is chosen by the parliament.
Human rights organisations have raised concerns over the well-being of some of these prisoners.
Fishing is predominantly artisanal.
Much of it is concentrated in Addis Ababa.
Phone numbers changed from six digits to seven.
The Addis Ababa Airport handles international jet transportation.
Only one river, the Baro is used for transport.
Even the surroundings involving transport can be incredibly dangerous.
Two major Ethiopian missions are in Liberia and Darfur.
This volunteer battalion from the Imperial Bodyguard were authorized by the Emperor.
Traditionally, he assumes personal command of the forces in time of war.
Ethiopia and Sudan are also in the process of linking their power grids.
This border has been subjected to demarcation.
Despite these border tensions, Sudan remains a major economic partner of Ethiopia.
There are no ports or harbours but anchorage is possible offshore.
It is one of the world's largest nesting sites for green sea turtles.
The island is a nature reserve.
Supposed paradoxes involving infinite series, such as Zeno's paradox, predated Euclid.
This is in contrast to analytic geometry, which uses coordinates.
It is now known that such a proof is impossible.
In Serbian poetry, the decasyllable is the only form employed.
In Russian, iambic tetrameter verse is the most popular.
Ancient Greek and Latin poems were written in dactylic hexameter.
At the beginning of the Eocene, several new mammal groups arrived in North America.
The corresponding rocks are referred to as lower, middle, and upper Eocene.
Dawn redwoods were far more extensive as well.
Eindhoven has long been a centre of cooperation between research institutes and industry.
Eindhoven is also, to some degree, open to forms of impromptu and alternative art.
The town and surrounding areas also has a network of local and regional buses.
The car ferry terminal is connected to the town's main railway station.
The Finnish part lies entirely within Tornio in northern Finland, and is only long.
Sales in Mexico led to inroads into South American countries.
Elaborate decals decorated the cases.
Ericsson Mobile Platforms had operations at nine global locations, with main operations in Sweden.
Habituation is a simple form of learning and occurs in many animal taxa.
Local enhancement has been observed to transmit foraging information among birds, rats and pigs.
This use of the word was never adopted.
Soundwaves are not electromagnetic radiation.
Different frequencies undergo different angles of refraction, a phenomenon known as dispersion.
This is sometimes known as the Planck-Einstein equation.
When Hemingway was asked about the scar, he was reluctant to answer.
By June, he was at the Italian Front.
Erica and Will go to the Grand Hotel together, hoping to find him.
Separated from the group, Erica is taken in by the police.
Finally he leaves.
Sara dies early and by then they also had a son Jon.
Irene Wanner of "The Seattle Times" appreciated the novel for its writing.
"Kirkus reviews" called the novel a "beautifully composed, unflinching and harrowing story".
He also developed an electric relay.
With the invention of the teletypewriter, telegraphic encoding became fully automated.
Professor Morse most probably never heard of me or my Elderton telegraph.
It also had adjectives, adverbs, and conjunctions, which were uninflected.
Nouns show four cases, singular and plural numbers, and masculine and feminine genders.
The Etruscans had a rich literature, as noted by Latin authors.
The question of who may vote is a central issue in elections.
The leaves, with candidate names written on them, were put inside a mud pot.
Such elections were quite common in contemporary societies of the region.
It is located directly beside the Town Hall.
The airport had scheduled flights in the past, but now serves mainly private traffic.
A number of scientific naming schemes can be used to generate arbitrarily long words.
He is a gun rights advocate.
The essay was based in part on his experience in developing Fetchmail.
It first appeared in his book "The Cathedral and the Bazaar".
However, if taken to excess, it can lead to the development of a neurosis.
Externalization can also be used in the context of a corporation.
Other studies have found evidence of price convergence, in particular for cars.
The design for the euro banknotes has common designs on both sides.
The European Commission then chose the design created by the Belgian Alain Billiet.
Private-sector bond holders are an integral part of the public and private banking system.
Its location in the city is fixed by the Amsterdam Treaty.
Its capital is subscribed and paid up by the euro area central banks.
The electron microscope directs a focused beam of electrons at a specimen.
This capability makes the electron microscope a useful laboratory instrument for high resolution imaging.
Independent electrons moving in vacuum are termed "free" electrons.
The other product is chlorine gas.
Most applications of europium exploit the phosphorescence of europium compounds.
Europium compounds tend to exist trivalent oxidation state under most conditions.
The rare earth ions are then selectively washed out by suitable complexing agent.
Its sesquioxide is called erbia.
Erbia and terbia, however, were confused at this time.
Magnetic properties have been studied for einsteinium metal, its oxide and fluoride.
Einsteinium is a soft, silvery, paramagnetic metal.
Thus the surface effects in small samples could reduce the melting point value.
One author called Stoiber a "Moscow's Trojan Horse".
Stoiber's remarks drew heavy criticism in the press.
This was its widest margin ever achieved in the state.
It kept that status through all the following centuries.
Others, especially some communist workers, put up resistance against the new administration.
She has an autographed picture of him in her home.
She declares herself as more spiritual than religious ...
The track My!
Both sides also engage in stereotyping the other.
Treaties instead used terms such as seat of government.
These days they are also visible in parts of the former West Berlin.
In the system of Greek numerals it has the value five.
Several of these shapes were later taken over into minuscule book hand.
This later became the standard orthography in all of Greece.
This phenomenon at large is called iotacism.
The Inuvialuit live in the western Canadian Arctic region.
As a result, the term Eskimo is still in use in Alaska.
Folktale motifs also show the influence of Chuckchi culture.
Huxley's mechanistic attitude towards the body convinced him that the brain alone causes behavior.
The state island stood in Adriatic Sea near Italy.
Moreover, Esperanto itself was used in numerous movies.
Systems communicating over Ethernet divide a stream of data into shorter pieces called frames.
A collision happens when two stations attempt to transmit at the same time.
Early repeaters had only two ports, allowing, at most, a doubling of network size.
He was a modernist novelist, playwright, memoirist and non-fiction writer.
They lived in Vienna from the time Canetti was aged seven onwards.
Jenner may have been aware of Jesty's procedures and success.
The medical establishment deliberated at length over his findings before accepting them.
The adult does not remain long enough in the area to perform this task.
On rare occasions, the "Britannica "was criticised for its editorial choices.
It also offers study tools and dictionary and thesaurus entries from Merriam-Webster.
Common alternative spellings are provided with cross-references such as "Color: "see" Colour.
It usually occurs after menopause.
Treatments that can improve endometrial thickness include Vitamin E, L-arginine and sildenafil citrate.
This changes the proliferative pattern of the endometrium to a secretory lining.
Concurrently, composers began to experiment with newly developed sound-on-film technology.
Other equipment was borrowed or purchased with personal funds.
This technique involved editing together recorded fragments of natural and industrial sounds.
He met the Danish composers J. P. E. Hartmann and Niels Gade.
Grieg was admitted many times to spas and sanatoria both in Norway and abroad.
And being made, it must stand.
The state was also required to abolish slavery in its new constitution.
The Proclamation made freeing the slaves an explicit goal of the Union war effort.
He expected his subordinate commanders to do the same.
Hitler displayed the same emotions.
Every sentence must contain formal words to designate what Husserl calls "formal categories".
No psychological process can explain the "a priori" objectivity of these logical truths.
Signal processing deals with the analysis and manipulation of signals.
Electrical engineers typically hold a degree in electrical engineering or electronic engineering.
It also plays an important role in industrial automation.
There are numerous mathematical descriptions of the electromagnetic field.
Bureaucracies frequently spawn euphemisms of a more deliberate nature, "doublespeak" expressions.
Over time, circumlocutions become recognized as established euphemisms for particular words or ideas.
Loaded language evokes a visceral response beyond the meaning of the words.
Its ruins are still visible today.
The treasurer, however, objected that the sum was too much.
It was written for his wedding to his young bride, Elizabeth Boyle.
A very small proportion of electric power distributed by utilities is provided by batteries.
In these cases, a quasi-experimental design may be used.
In most designs, only one of these causes is manipulated at a time.
A manipulation check is one example of a control check.
By contrast, non-empirical evidence is subjective, depending on the observer.
It can only "support" a hypothesis, "reject" it, or do neither.
At times, empiricists tend to be opting skepticism as an option of rationalism.
John Allan alternately spoiled and aggressively disciplined his foster son.
They never formally adopted him, but Poe was with them well into young adulthood.
Works with obvious meanings, he wrote, cease to be art.
The principles of electrostatics are important when designing items of high-voltage equipment.
This reference point naturally takes the name earth or ground.
The constant of proportionality is termed the inductance.
There is however, no evidence that Empedocles performed any experiment with clepsydras.
Like is known by like.
Empedocles continued this tradition by helping to overthrow the succeeding oligarchic government.
Their flowers are hermaphrodite and show considerable variability.
The family is largely composed of plants that can tolerate acidic, infertile conditions.
They consist of passive elements like resistors and capacitors.
These elements are not capable of the same functions as active elements.
The resulting linear circuit matrix can be solved with Gaussian elimination.
In this context, zero is modelled by the empty set.
The empty set may also be called the "void set".
This is known as preservation of nullary unions.
Latin word "ego" meaning I.
Finite endofunctions are equivalent to directed pseudoforests.
For sets of size there are endofunctions on the set.
An invertible endomorphism of is called an automorphism.
Hoffer has been dubbed by some authors a longshoreman philosopher.
Indeed, the European colonial authorities had been "fairly beneficent" in Asia.
For centuries, Hoffer notes that Asia had submitted to one conqueror after another.
When this became impossible because of British objections, separate institutions had to be created.
Some miners had extremely poor housing.
The steel and coal interests, however, were quite vocal in their opposition.
Collectively they were known as the "European Communities".
In these various forms they share some legislative and budgetary power of the Parliament.
However, after the Treaty of Maastricht, Parliament gained a much bigger role.
Four members remained: Switzerland, Norway, Liechtenstein and Iceland.
The Portugal Fund has now been dissolved.
The three posts are shared between the Member States.
The gifts given to numerous visiting dignitaries depend upon the President.
The Parliament has the power to meet without being convened by another authority.
All desks are equipped with microphones, headphones for translation and electronic voting equipment.
These frequently hold pre-meetings of their European Council members, prior to its meetings.
It proposes, to the European Parliament, a candidate for President of the European Commission.
There are different euthanasia laws in each country.
However, the Iowa legislation was broader in scope than that offered in Ohio.
Because of this, the practice is unacceptable within the Church.
The number of observed exoplanets is expected to increase greatly in the coming years.
He warned that aliens might pillage Earth for resources.
This has led critics to label the equation a guesstimate, or even meaningless.
The word "anthropos" is the Greek word for "man", in the sense of "mankind".
They were imprisoned with other detainees in a large room.
He exhibited transcendental leanings his entire life.
The plant has since been owned by KeySpan.
The Gowanus Canal was built from Gowanus Creek, which emptied into the river.
North of Randalls Island, it is joined by the Bronx Kill.
His logotherapy can be regarded as a form of existentialist therapy.
Thus, one is responsible for one's values, regardless of society's values.
Facticity is both a limitation and a condition of freedom.
Style guides often have their own rules governing the use of ellipses.
In this case, however, the ellipsis consists not of dots but of short dashes.
The Hiroshima mission was followed by another atomic strike.
"The Great Artiste" and "Necessary Evil" followed at short intervals.
I pushed it very, very hard and it never failed me...
Thus meV stands for milli-electronvolt.
By mass-energy equivalence, the electronvolt is also a unit of mass.
In particular, particle scattering lengths are often presented in units of inverse particle masses.
The freezing of water limits low temperature performance.
Understanding of electrical matters began in the sixteenth century.
Some common metals oxidize extremely rapidly in air.
Outside the Festival season, Edinburgh supports several theatres and production companies.
"The Herald" newspaper, published in Glasgow, also covers Edinburgh.
Shops here include Louis Vuitton, Mulberry and Calvin Klein.
He is known as the father of nuclear physics.
Rutherford therefore gave this third type of radiation the name of gamma ray.
But that doesn't bother me.
R. Plaga shows that macroscopic decoherence timescales are a possibility.
There is circularity in Everett's measurement theory.
This process is inconvenient as customers need to pack and post the goods.
Customers can also review and track the order history online.
It could help customers buy wider range of products and save customers' time.
The logarithm of a complex number is thus a multi-valued function, because is multi-valued.
One technique is simply to convert sinusoids into equivalent expressions in terms of exponentials.
In the four-dimensional space of quaternions, there is a sphere of imaginary units.
Many of these paintings were based on sketches executed on the spot.
People are depicted drinking beer, listening to music, flirting, reading, or waiting.
Olympia's body as well as her gaze is unabashedly confrontational.
These assumptions are then used to explain why players choose Nash equilibrium strategies.
As a result, a mutant who plays "Always Cooperate" will not be eliminated.
Here, it is presumed that the players' strategies are biologically encoded and heritable.
The bacterium "Deinococcus radiodurans" is one of the most radioresistant organisms known.
"D. radiodurans" is competent to perform genetic transformation.
This catalase is extremely stable compared to other catalases at high temperatures and pH.
He presented his educational theories as a synthesis of the two views.
This was an intentional design on the part of the Prussians.
The surrounding Kittitas Valley is internationally known for the timothy hay that it produces.
There were several early newspapers in Ellensburg.
This downtown event showcases art of all forms.
Singer-songwriter Mat Kearney is also from Eugene.
Sacred Heart Medical Center University District is the only one within Eugene city limits.
Eugene's largest industries are wood products manufacturing and recreational vehicle manufacturing.
There is debate about the origin of the title.
Her sense of Art is pure in itself.
The site has now been renamed Cedar Shade and redeveloped.
Enlil was believed to aid in the growth of plants.
Finally, Ea proposes that the gods should send Ninurta, Enlil's son.
The tablet begins in the middle of the description of the flood.
One set of characteristics relate to body size and temperature.
Ecological resilience is a cornerstone theory in ecosystem management.
For example, when an island is first colonized, density of individuals is low.
May also start by passing left and falling back right.
Dancers end in their original places.
Counter-clockwise - the opposite of clockwise - in a ring, move right.
Some cyanobacteria are also capable of nitrogen fixation.
Decomposition rates also tend to be slower in acidic soils.
The introduction of non-native species can cause substantial shifts in ecosystem function.
In each case, one arrives at a convenient choice of base for doing calculus.
Euler proved this by showing that its simple continued fraction expansion is infinite.
The Bernoulli polynomials and the periodic Bernoulli functions for were introduced above.
We follow the argument given in Apostol.
This technique is known as a periodizing transformation.
There are two options: it is either true or false.
Since Russell, the Epimenides paradox has been referenced repeatedly in logic.
This means that psychology is not a science.
Several three-cylinder, two-stroke-cycle models were built while most engines had straight or in-line cylinders.
Devices converting heat energy into motion are commonly referred to simply as "engines".
Later development led to steam locomotives and great expansion of railway transportation.
This is the sixth stage of economic integration.
It is headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark.
He is the successor of Professor Jacqueline McGlade.
Processes are the primary means to structure an Erlang application.
Erlang's main strength is support for concurrency.
The implementation was open-sourced at the end of the year.
The openEuphoria Group continues to administer and develop the project.
Arguments to routines are always passed by value; there is no pass-by-reference facility.
Alternatively, Euphoria programs may be bound with the interpreter to create stand-alone executables.
This is referred to as conservation of energy.
The total energy of a system can be subdivided and classified in various ways.
Several formulations of mechanics have been developed using energy as a core concept.
Tungsten filament lamps have long been used as fast-acting thermistors in electronic circuits.
Compact fluorescent lamps are particularly sensitive to switching cycles.
Low pressure sodium lamps operate this way.
He drifted and worked on a ranch in Idaho.
Many of his ancestors fought in the American Revolution.
After his discharge, Burroughs worked a number of different jobs.
His notes were helpful in his published works.
His other main works include Mont Saint-Michel, Carcassonne, Roquetaillade castle and Pierrefonds.
It usually involves the heart valves.
Rheumatic fever is common worldwide and responsible for many cases of damaged heart valves.
All had rheumatic heart disease and presented with prolonged fever.
From this initial rational point, one can compute an infinite collection of others.
Substituting into the identity and removing common factors gives the numerical example cited above.
Some of these are listed below.
There is no unanimous agreement among scholars on the structure of Exodus.
While Moses is with God, Aaron makes a golden calf, which the people worship.
Moses returns to Egypt and fails to convince the Pharaoh to release the Israelites.
Noise is associated with all electronic circuits.
This type of circuit is usually called "mixed signal" rather than analog or digital.
The greater part of the book consists of a description of Erewhon.
Most ectopias are congenital, but some may happen later in life.
The cells are known to fire in correlation to future speed of the rodent.
For example, Haeckel described and named hypothetical ancestral microorganisms that have never been found.
Haeckel also applied the hypothesis of polygenism to the modern diversity of human groups.
Haeckel did not support natural selection, rather believing in Lamarckism.
The belief went on to include cultural evolution and social evolution.
This assumption is now known as the Church-Turing thesis.
Turing immediately recognized that these are equivalent models of computation.
He relied heavily on earlier work by Stephen Kleene.
Once established there, they proved to be miracle workers.
This account is used to explain the name "Seligenstadt" by folk etymology.
Since acyl chlorides and acid anhydrides also react with water, anhydrous conditions are preferred.
The reaction is slow in the absence of a catalyst.
Because of their lack of hydrogen-bond-donating ability, esters do not self-associate.
A cell must have captured a photosynthetic cyanobacterium and failed to digest it.
"H. defensa" aids in defending the insect from parasitoids.
This function property leads to exponential growth and exponential decay.
The exponential function extends to an entire function on the complex plane.
Euler's formula relates its values at purely imaginary arguments to trigonometric functions.
But fearful of unprotected supply-lines, the Dutch and Eugene favoured a more cautious approach.
He was also gaining wider recognition.
It was a fatal relationship.
Late in life, he became a member of the National Academy of Design.
His parents settled first in Fredericksburg, Virginia, and then at Philadelphia.
He sits facing the viewer and staring straight out.
Although his father Tilemann Alber was a schoolmaster, his early education was neglected.
Input position "n" is the position after accepting the "n"th token.
The following algorithm describes the Earley recogniser.
Earley's algorithm is a top-down dynamic programming algorithm.
Utensils are optional.
It is also prepared for holidays and festivals.
Production of chuko is totally dependent on the production of barley.
He condemns various sins, including pride, hypocrisy, favouritism, and slander.
Some scholars even believe that the passage is a response to Paul.
That would be very early for him to have been the writer.
The letter of Jude was one of the disputed books of the Canon.
Many examples of evildoers and warnings about their fates are given in rapid succession.
The epistle's style is combative, impassioned, and rushed.
Amort was born at Bibermuhle, near Tolz, in Upper Bavaria.
This angered the Church of England.
Many, if not most, "episcopi vagantes" are associated with Independent Catholic Churches.
They may be very liberal or very conservative.
Her main complaint about the school was the lack of science and mathematics instruction.
Eventually she was allowed into the dissecting room and the chemistry lectures.
There, English literature, French, Italian and German as well as deportment, were taught.
Tectonic processes control rates and distributions of erosion at the Earth's surface.
This provides a good example of a negative feedback loop.
"Sheet erosion" is the transport of loosened soil particles by overland flow.
From the modern viewpoint, there is essentially only one Euclidean space of each dimension.
This is not only a line which a pair of distinct points defines.
The result is always a real number.
He studied art at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts under Christian Schuessele.
Abbey is buried in the churchyard of Old Saint Andrew's Church in Kingsbury, London.
It was the official painting of the occasion and, hence, resides at Buckingham Palace.
Reputation allows evolution of cooperation by indirect reciprocity.
Males of low status may be especially vulnerable to being childless.
Some behaviors are conscious when learned but then become unconscious, seemingly automatic.
Nations adopted particular dialects as their national language.
The Council of Europe is committed to protecting linguistic diversity.
Linguistic conflict has been important in European history.
The Eindhoven University of Technology is a public university of the Netherlands.
The university maintains close contacts with most of these companies.
It is also a knowledge supporter of the automotive industry in the Helmond region.
There are some exceptions to this general rule.
Also, the energy estimate can be only used for single, not for multiple bonds.
The actual charter was written in the Parliamentary Assembly based on the Congress' Recommendations.
They are seen as a framework for the preservation of the languages concerned.
States must select at least thirty-five of the undertakings in respect of each language.
But some gains were long-term.
The colony made a separate peace that respected its internal status quo.
These events became known as the "Restoration".
Systems with more variables than the number of linear equations are called underdetermined.
Just like standard equality equations, numbers can be added, subtracted, multiplied or divided.
The name derives from the Latin "quadrus", meaning square.
She calls the sword Excalibur, that is as to say as Cut-steel.
Geoffrey's "Historia" is the first non-Welsh source to speak of the sword.
See also blues ballad.
Examples are "Nine Pound Hammer" and Ray Charles's original instrumental "Sweet Sixteen Bars".
The chords are represented as scale degrees in Roman numeral analysis.
His extraordinary talent for mathematics was recognised from his early years in Cambridge.
In the polemic with Powell, Waring was backed by John Wilson.
The cast included Jameson Thomas, Lillian Hall-Davis, Gordon Harker and Gibb McLaughlin.
Jorge Luis Borges was another admirer.
Philpotts appears to have had a long incestuous relationship with his daughter Adelaide.
In reciprocation, the Ecuadorian ambassador Luis Gallegos was expelled from the United States.
Tariff free imports had been offered to Ecuador in exchange for drug elimination efforts.
The game has numerous variations, mostly regional.
Under this method, one way of gaming the schedule metrics would be eliminated.
Other countries have established similar standards.
It is complementary to critical path or critical chain schedule management.
Industrially, electron microscopes are often used for quality control and failure analysis.
Semiconductor thin sections can be made using a focused ion beam.
Island species in general, and flightless island species in particular are most at risk.
The extinction dates given below are usually approximations of the actual date of extinction.
In a business dependent on government contracts, such connections were essential to success.
The new American government, realizing the need to prepare for war, began to rearm.
The heroine's father, Maurice Malherb, is based on Thomas Windeatt.
These equations are derived from Maxwell's equations.
The electromagnetic field extends indefinitely throughout space and describes the electromagnetic interaction.
These interactions are described by Maxwell's equations and the Lorentz force law.
The exterior of the building is clad in Indiana limestone panels.
It is also the fifth-tallest freestanding structure in the Americas.
Two police officers confronted the gunman, and he aimed his firearm at them.
That definition is not universally accepted.
It also took root in France, Germany, and Great Britain.
This includes abortions, sterilization, and other methods of family planning.
Typical attachments include Microsoft Word documents, pdf documents and scanned images of paper documents.
Attached files may contain trojans or viruses.
Email has become used on smartphones and on all types of computers.
Because of this, they are often called "anime style" emoticons in English.
Such dictionaries allow users to call up emoticons by typing words that represent them.
It aims to promote freedom of choice, efficiency, equity, and social cohesion.
Whether or not the public generally supports vouchers is debatable.
Part of improving student performance involves improving teacher and school performance.
"Stuart Little" initially received a lukewarm welcome from the literary community.
White to read and explore the natural world.
Eventually, he agreed to work in the office on Thursdays.
In some denominations of the movement, an evangelist is referred to as a patriarch.
An evangelist is part of the Quorum of Seventy Evangelists.
Similarly, it changed the title of the Presiding Patriarch to the "Presiding Evangelist".
Each couplet consists of a hexameter verse followed by a pentameter verse.
Tyrtaeus composed elegies on a war theme, apparently for a Spartan audience.
This statement has been criticized.
The company has refused to comment on Munroe's estimate.
The next-larger division of geologic time is the eon.
The Phanerozoic Eon is subdivided into eras.
The name of each was a motto or slogan chosen by the emperor.
In Hinduism, time is cyclic, consisting of cycles or "kalpas".
The Book of Revelation is at the core of Christian eschatology.
Most Christians believe that death and suffering will continue to exist until Christ's return.
All were held in the eastern part of the Roman Empire.
Oriental Orthodox Churches accept the first three.
The emperor gave them legal status within the entire Roman Empire.
This means that even terrestrial planets can start off with large radii.
Atmospheres have been detected around several exoplanets.
At a sufficiently low temperature, water clouds form, which further increase optical albedo.
Once he moved in with Goldman's family, however, their relationship faltered.
The Nationalist forces declared victory in Spain just before she returned to London.
Her mother provided scarce comfort, rarely calling on Abraham to tone down his beatings.
It is divisible in binoculars.
It is also very faint, having no stars brighter than the fourth magnitude.
Its traditional name means "the section of the horse".
The communion service must be conducted by an ordained pastor, minister or church elder.
It is the term used by the Plymouth Brethren.
This happens when the orbital motions of the bodies form repeating harmonic patterns.
However, both have been observed to transit across the face of the Sun.
Sunlight refracted through the Earth's atmosphere enters the umbra and provides a faint illumination.
Here is an example transcript of an ed session.
If something goes wrong, ed is sometimes the only editor available.
These editors, however, are typically more limited in function.
While editing a line pressing Ctrl-C cancels any changes.
Each line is displayed with a line number in front of it.
Characters are shown with their equivalent Unicode codes.
In muscle cells, it regulates calcium ion concentration.
The functional differences between these receptors remain to be established.
These tubes sometimes branch forming a network that is reticular in appearance.
Both were ignored.
Americans of Italian and German ancestry were also targeted by these restrictions, including internment.
After numerous experiments, Munch concluded that the Impressionist idiom did not allow sufficient expression.
It has been widely interpreted as representing the universal anxiety of modern man.
They moved frequently from one cheap flat to another.
Steve Gibson proposed that clone makers adopt NuBus.
Compaq is sitting down at the typewriter.
For example, Compaq actually produced prototype DeskPro systems using the bus.
In order to fund this, Impact Miniatures launched a successful Kickstarter project.
Spells can be switched at the players will while out of combat.
Raw casting is perhaps the most dangerous aspect of the Earthdawn magic system.
Trading partners are free to use any method for the transmission of documents.
The standards are like building codes.
He improperly entered the airlock head-first and got stuck sideways.
Cernan was the last Apollo astronaut to step off the surface of the Moon.
She is the president of Brockovich Research and Consulting.
She was also featured in The Lonely Island song featuring Michael Bolton, Jack Sparrow.
Roberts won the Academy Award for Best Actress for her portrayal of Erin Brockovich.
Static electricity and electric current are two separate phenomena.
See also Casimir effect.
All electrified bodies are either vitreously or resinously electrified.
There are also three theaters used for film and live performances.
Many of the facilities at Ellis Island were abandoned and remain unrenovated.
New Jersey and New York soon agreed to share jurisdiction of the island.
Recent scholarship casts doubt on ancient biographies of Euripides.
Euripides was also a great lyric poet.
Some of the fragments are extensive enough to allow tentative reconstructions to be proposed.
Her closest friend was her sister Anne.
Nine of Emily's French essays survive from this period.
Extinction occurs at an uneven rate.
This is the most extreme instance of a climate-caused extinction event.
The impact of mass extinction events varied widely.
As the Japanese Navy-not the hypothetical Boskonian fleet-learned at an appalling cost.
He lived nearby in the Seaton Place Apartments with his wife, Lee Hawkins Garby.
Smith apparently never wrote any of it down.
The true motives behind the duel are obscure.
In fact, Galois showed more than this.
He submitted two papers on this topic to the Academy of Sciences.
There are signs that Ennius varied the metre sometimes even within a composition.
Ennius was said to have considered himself a reincarnation of Homer.
The eleven extant hexameters have prosodical features avoided in the more serious "Annales".
This Strife is wholesome for men.
Another story of Eris includes Hera, and the love of Polytekhnos and Aedon.
She also has a son whom she named Strife.
Her physician reported that she had suffered a heart attack following a coronary occlusion.
Within three weeks, her publishers had run through four editions of the book.
Oliver eventually lived there for seven years and helped to organize Millay's papers.
These ethnic distinctions and subdivisions serve to define each ethnicity's unique cultural identity.
In anthropology, cultural relativism is seen as an antithesis and an antonym to ethnocentrism.
Both urged anthropologists to conduct ethnographic fieldwork in order to overcome their ethnocentrism.
Its seat is located in the city of Eskilstuna.
The Convention has several protocols, which amend the convention framework.
This reversed an earlier ruling in "Rees v United Kingdom".
Russia and Azerbaijan have not signed it.
Martial law was imposed, and all armed resistance collapsed.
The government hastily repealed its plans due to the reaction.
A ceremony in Ballarat known as the lantern walk was held at dawn.
It wasn't necessary to show what sent him there.
Solid Snake is partially influenced by Snake Plissken.
The original method entailed its conversion to diethyl sulfate, followed by hydrolysis.
This process converts large hydrocarbons into smaller ones and introduces unsaturation.
Ethylene receptors are encoded by multiple genes in plant genomes.
There is no nesting of feature and class declarations.
Clusters are not a syntactic language construct, but rather a standard organizational convention.
Assigner commands allow assignment-like syntax to call "setter" procedures.
Richard Friedman argued in his book Who Wrote the Bible?
Several traditions have developed over his place of burial.
Another tradition locates his tomb near Basra, Iraq.
Malachi had cited Elijah as the harbinger of the eschaton.
Elijah prayed that the wall be repaired and it was so.
So he prayed that God might have the angel take the cow instead.
Furthermore, its use seems to be restricted to non-fluent aphasia.
As a client, you may have the option of individual or group treatment.
Expressive aphasia is also a classification of non-fluent aphasia, as opposed to fluent aphasia.
Following a revolt by the people, Ephesus was ruled by a council.
Of this structure, scarcely a trace remains.
Jerome Murphy-O'Connor uses an estimate of for the inhabited land.
Google Chrome similarly confines its page renderers to their own "sandbox".
Netscape Communications realized that the Web needed to become more dynamic.
JavaScript supports implicit and explicit delegation.
Most of the exiles' children also consider themselves to be Cuban exiles.
In the ancient Greek world, this was seen as a fate worse than death.
Many Jewish prayers include a yearning to return to Jerusalem and the Jewish homeland.
It gives the appearance of ridges and parkland.
The castle subsequently served as the official seat of the Teutonic Order Masters.
The western suburbs of the old city have not been reconstructed.
Only one member party per region is allowed.
The Bureau takes care of daily affairs.
The Brussels declaration emphasises the protection of human rights, sustainable development and social justice.
Those positions are summarised in this article.
The group produces many publications, which can be found on its website.
The group is denoted in blue.
The group comprises political parties of socialist and communist orientation.
Thus, the Group may be divided on certain issues.
National parties may be full or associate members.
It supplanted the earlier European Conservative Group.
The arrangement proved to do little to appease opposition.
It resisted the trend of incorporating as a European political party.
The first verse in the letter identifies Paul as its author.
From Ephesus the gospel spread abroad almost throughout all Asia.
Dodd as the crown of Paulinism.
There are several methods of classifying exploits.
These types of attacks are often called multi-layered attacks.
Pivoting is also known as "island hopping".
It has the symbol "erg".
Its lead designer was Jonathan Tweet.
It is also one of a few diceless role-playing games.
The Fortune cards were illustrated by Scott Kirschner and Jeff Miracola.
Card depths start at and increase in increments.
Conduction-cooled Eurocards are used in military and aerospace applications.
Two methods of electron counting are popular and both give the same result.
Another unusual ligand from the electron counting perspective is sulfur dioxide.
There are many thermodynamic properties that are functions of state.
Historically, the classical thermodynamics definition developed first.
The term crank is likewise used to disparage opinions.
However, this authority only measures populist information.
This slowed the long-term development of Afghanistan during that period.
Natural pastures cover some but are being overgrazed.
Poultry are traditionally kept in many houses, mostly in rural households.
They circulated widely in Scandinavia and northern Britain.
They make the toys in a workshop located in the North Pole.
As in Old Norse, however, there are few characters identified as elves.
Thus "evil" would correspond to wrong behavior.
What is evil?
Definitions of evil vary, as does the analysis of its motives.
At present, neither modern scholarship nor church teaching ascribes Hebrews to Paul.
Some have seen apostasy as a move from the Christian assembly to pagan ritual.
It affirms that God by His Son, Jesus Christ, made the worlds.
These the king ordered to be bestowed on Mordecai.
An alternative view is that "Esther" is derived from the theonym Ishtar.
The King chose Esther, an orphan daughter of a Benjamite named Abihail.
Several species are found in humans and animals.
"Entamoeba" belongs to the Archamoebae, which like many other anaerobic eukaryotes lack mitochondria.
It divides by simple binary fission to form two smaller daughter cells.
England's home ground is Wembley Stadium, London, and the current manager is Gareth Southgate.
He resigned following investigations into his financial activities.
They initially used cricket grounds before later moving on to football clubs' stadiums.
It is a portion of the Greater Saint Louis metro area.
The town is currently rural, with adjacent farmland and forested Ozark ridges.
Accuracy can be increased indefinitely by considering higher order terms.
Because of this, alternate equations for alpha should be employed above the critical point.
Boyle's Law was perhaps the first expression of an equation of state.
Kohelet clearly endorses wisdom as a means for a well-lived earthly life.
Ecclesiastes has been cited in the writings of past and current Catholic Church leaders.
The world is filled with injustice, which only God will adjudicate.
Ezekiel appears in all Muslim collections of "Stories of the Prophets".
Ezekiel is recognized as a prophet in Islamic tradition.
The Qur'an mentions a prophet called Zul-Kifl.
The program header table tells the system how to create a process image.
It is aimed for Linux and other Unix-like operating systems.
These missions have also investigated air density, radio astronomy, geodesy, and gamma ray astronomy.
Many missions are proposed, but not selected.
Duddell's "singing arc" did not generate frequencies above the audio range.
Duddell, a student at London Technical College, investigated this effect.
In Britain, H. J.
There is also a statute allowing European Cooperative Societies.
The European Company Statute represents a step in this direction, albeit a limited one.
With appropriate signal analysis the phase of the signal can be recovered as well.
This is the basis for a Direct conversion receiver.
They are controlled by the signal being mixed.
He is famous for his paradoxes.
Eubulides was a pupil of Euclid of Megara, the founder of the Megarian school.
He was a contemporary of Aristotle, against whom he wrote with great bitterness.
It has maimed hundreds more and kidnapped dozens.
There is another committee named "Zuba-hitu" that functions as an advisory committee.
Each performs different functions in the cell.
This marker corresponds with the proteins on the vesicle traveling to the membrane.
Pigments that color the cell are sometime located in the cell sap.
The distinction between the three terms is increasingly blurry.
This blend is allowed to slowly reduce while being frequently skimmed.
Espagnole has a strong taste and is rarely used directly on food.
There are hundreds of other derivatives in the classical French repertoire.
The power output from an amplifier cannot exceed its input power.
Heat can damage or reduce electronic component service life.
For example, in the early days of the satellite communication, parametric amplifiers were used.
Later treaties largely kept these provisions.
They were informally known as "Jeep carriers" or "baby flattops".
The American ships held off the Japanese.
There are, however, several characteristics common to most extreme sports.
Occasionally persons with various physical disabilities participate in extreme sports.
Certain extreme sports clearly trace back to other extreme sports, or combinations thereof.
The precise identity of the husband of this sister is debated.
Edith accompanied her husband on his travels, though not during battles.
Eadgyth's death at a relatively young age, in her early thirties, was unexpected.
Wulfhere sent Jaruman, the bishop of Lichfield, to reconvert the East Saxons.
The territory included the remains of two provincial Roman capitals, Colchester and London.
Unfortunately the surviving copy is somewhat mutilated.
This is the earliest surviving source to mention any Anglo-Saxon kingdom.
Tribute from dependents could lead to wealth.
Frankish influences also may be detected in the social and agrarian organization of Kent.
The last work he performed together with his friend Fritz Kohlrausch.
As he told biographer Gerald Nachman, I'm a pop-off.
As I grew up, the causes of minorities were part and parcel of me.
Her portrait of fellow neoclassical painter Hubert Robert is in Paris at the Louvre.
Alternative outlines have been introduced based on the rhetorical form of the letter.
The identity of these "opponents" is disputed.
Eminent Biblical scholar Helmut Koester also subscribes to the "North Galatian Hypothesis".
As with all epistles, the original was composed in Greek.
Thus the concepts of love, knowledge and peace are jointly developed in the Epistle.
They were very attached to Paul, just as he was very fond of them.
The authenticity of the letter, however, has been defended with equal strength.
"Christ in you is your hope of glory!".
Conduct is a fruit of faith.
Paul's main purpose in writing is to encourage and reassure the Christians there.
The early Church did not agree.
Titus is usually one of the three Pastoral epistles attributed to Paul.
The rules also cover sponsorship agreements and rights of broadcasters to re-transmit the show.
A separate copy is drafted annually.
This is usually held in a grand municipally owned location in the city centre.
For many years Wells' invention was the only practical alternative to partial pressure blending.
Similar requirements may apply in other countries.
The composition of the gas must also be specified on the label.
After their first night together, he proposed marriage.
Later, the group was joined by Francis Poulenc and Darius Milhaud.
In the same period he befriended Claude Debussy.
In general, integrals in this form cannot be expressed in terms of elementary functions.
Historically, elliptic functions were discovered as inverse functions of elliptic integrals.
Thus, they can be used interchangeably.
Paul, however, does not limit his ministry to Jews.
The introduction provides some general notes about Paul.
Possibly related was the Incident at Antioch between Paul and Cephas.
The Duchy of Aquitaine was the largest and richest province of France.
Louis and Eleanor stayed in the Philopation palace just outside the city walls.
Eleanor then returned to Fontevraud where she took the veil as a nun.
Slavery was most commonly found in households.
Paul uses slavery versus freedom language often in his writings as a metaphor.
Modern commentators, even those committed to the prevailing interpretation, have tacitly admitted as much.
An additional speed-up is possible if mixed coordinates are used.
The curves were ostensibly chosen for optimal security and implementation efficiency.
The size of the elliptic curve determines the difficulty of the problem.
The book is commonly referenced in public policy and public administration scholarship.
Land use consultants led the masterplan and landscape design.
The Mediterranean Biome covers and measures high, wide, and long.
A permanent installation entitled "Seed", by Peter Randall-Page, occupies the anteroom.
There has also been a greater degree of politicisation within the Commission.
However, it is the Commission that currently holds executive powers over the European Union.
Once proposed, the President delegates portfolios among each of the members.
The complexity of such a system is specified by its order "N".
Frequency responses are shown for the Butterworth, Chebyshev, inverse Chebyshev, and elliptic filters.
Even today, they are invaluable tools to understanding filter behavior.
Other scholars refute these arguments-particularly since Josephus describes some Essenes as allowing marriage.
Also, they were forbidden from swearing oaths and from sacrificing animals.
Pliny's Latin text has "Esseni".
A woman warns him he is in terrible danger.
He thinks women are more faithful than men.
In early drafts of the screenplay, the password was "Fidelio Rainbow".
Education can also be defined as the process of becoming an educated person.
It applies to every aspect of entertainment including cinema, television, radio, theatre and music.
There has been constant debate over the classification of ethnic groups.
Smaller groups are often indigenous peoples.
There are several theories concerning the origins of the word "edda".
When the Codex Regius was discovered, it seemed that this speculation had proven correct.
De Sitter and Clemence both referred to the proposal as 'Newtonian' or 'uniform' time.
D Brouwer suggested the name 'ephemeris time'.
Some storylines have provoked high levels of viewer complaints.
Detailed reactions were taken after six months and since then regular monitoring was conducted.
The programme has since attempted to address these issues.
Embroidery may also incorporate other materials such as, pearls, beads, quills, and sequins.
Hardanger embroidery is a counted embroidery and the designs are often geometric.
Embroidery can also be classified by the similarity of appearance.
He is buried in the North Burial Ground in Providence.
See the International Foundation for Art Research for further details.
E. M. Bannister Gallery at Rhode Island College is named after Bannister.
His publications included a focus on alcoholism, crime, degeneration and hysteria.
Thus, Kraepelin's system is a method for pattern recognition, not grouping by common symptoms.
Thus, all purely symptomatic categories have disappeared from the nosology.
Since its construction, it has become a landmark and a symbol for the city.
Other non-traditional areas are also integrated as well in moderation to balance the education.
He described the right of students to a well-educated and culturally knowledgeable teacher.
To do so, they follow a nationwide, content-specific, and teacher-centered curriculum.
Against these critics eloquent spokespersons stepped forward in defense of the progressive tradition.
These instincts also form the basis of their knowledge with everything building upon it.
The modular synthesizer is a type of synthesizer consisting of separate interchangeable modules.
The cubes can also detect distances to the user's hands and fingers.
These remained complex, heavy and relatively costly.
The anode is always the negative electrode.
The cell can be discharged but not recharged.
These electrodes are used for advanced purposes in research and investigation.
There are two theories on the genesis of the epistolary novel.
Both claims have some validity.
The work was published posthumously.
They may overtreat to "do something" or to address a patient's emotional needs.
The term "evidence-based medicine", as it is currently used, has two main tributaries.
The Cochrane Collaboration is one of the best-known programs that conducts systematic reviews.
There are two end zones, each being on an opposite side of the field.
Each corner is marked with a pylon.
In addition, a two-point conversion may be scored after a touchdown by similar means.
He also established a close relationship with Vincenzo Gemito.
He would make copies of this work in small marble and bronze statuettes.
Ximenes' realism gave way to Symbolist and Neo-Renaissance elements.
He repeatedly tried other pens, but none ever displaced the Montblanc.
Several important problems were also first formulated and solved by him.
He also identified the deadlock problem and proposed the banker's algorithm that prevents deadlock.
This form of perennialism comprises the humanist and scientific traditions.
There are several epistemological options, which affect the pedagogical options.
They are usually the first announcements for success in learning.
This individual later provided these instructions to a client in the Midwest.
It is also sometimes snorted or smoked.
Acute toxicity is mainly caused by serotonin syndrome and sympathomimetic effects.
The Consultative Assembly narrowed their choice to two designs.
To the question Who really designed the flag?
It was rejected due to the rings' similarity with "dial", "chain" and "zeros".
Beethoven was generally seen as the natural choice for a European anthem.
He wrote his decisions on the score, notably those concerning the tempo.
It expresses the ideals of a united Europe: freedom, peace, and solidarity.
The event led to the loss of most of the planet's obligate anaerobes.
The Holocene extinction event is currently under way.
Initially, Burke did not condemn the French Revolution.
In the nineteenth century Burke was praised by both conservatives and liberals.
After eschewing the Law, he pursued a livelihood through writing.
The game has subtle strategies to make others navigate through the cities.
There was an expansion for "Elfenland" published, called "Elfengold".
Before anyone can move, tiles are drawn and laid out across the board.
The party is now pro-European.
The far-right Ukrainian group Right Sector opposes joining the European Union.
Switzerland has long been known for its neutrality in international politics.
The problem of density estimation arises in two applications.
Note that bias is a property of the estimator, not of the estimate.
The sequence is "strongly consistent", if it converges almost surely to the true value.
Rare "trapiche" emeralds are found in Colombia, distinguished by ray-like spokes of dark impurities.
Growth occurs by a diffusion-reaction process, assisted by convection.
Gems are graded on a four-step scale; "none", "minor", "moderate" and "highly" enhanced.
Frequently it was not worth the cost of transporting it to far-away population centers.
Emigrants took passage on freight boats, camping on deck, or on top of crates.
A pair of huge wheels were mounted loose on an axle.
This process uses a pre-concentration distillation column as first separating step.
This hydrophobic or lipophilic end can diffuse across cells that line the stomach wall.
The desiccants can be dried and reused.
His version of Marley's "I Shot the Sheriff" helped reggae reach a mass market.
Martin and Company.
Half your music is black.
In medicine, etiology refers to the many factors coming together to cause an illness.
With scurvy, sailors going to sea often lacked fresh vegetables.
The etiology of scurvy is a good example.
An empirical formula makes no mention of the arrangement or number of atoms.
The structural formula shows the arrangement of the molecule.
It is also possible for different types of compounds to have equal empirical formulas.
The definition of the word "episcopal" has variation among Christian traditions.
The conciliar idea of episcopal government continues in the Orthodox Church.
Similarly, "episcopal" is used to describe a church governed by bishops.
All these languages use the Cyrillic script, but with particular modifications.
The East Slavic territory shows a definite linguistic continuum with many transitional dialects.
All of these languages are today separate in their own right.
She was raised in Booneville, Arkansas.
She was married at the time as was he.
She married Adam Murphy, and they have a daughter.
Therefore, god does not take care of the things in the cosmos.
Epicurus never married and had no known children.
Some are quotes from holy texts, or aphorisms.
We will know.
The ashes were accompanied by a laser-engraved epitaph on a small piece of foil.
Greek epigram was actually much more diverse, as the Milan Papyrus now indicates.
Epigrams are sometimes particularly pointed or much-quoted quotations taken from longer works.
Oscar Wilde's witticisms such as "I can resist everything except temptation" are considered epigrams.
Lines without enjambment are end-stopped.
Enjambment has a long history in poetry.
States may however restrict this right with respect to nationals residing abroad.
Such words have Latin or Greek origin.
This makes writing English more complex, but arguably makes reading English more efficient.
Less commonly, a single letter can represent multiple successive sounds.
The battle fought there was inconclusive.
Its issue was decided by Byrhtnoth's fall.
They also exhibit the characteristics of Wulfstan's highly rhetorical style.
In his final years, Elgar experienced a musical revival.
Elgar's immense popularity was not long-lived.
Its main operations are in the areas of venture capital and guaranteeing loans.
However, for abundant caution, several foreign jurisdictions adopted legislation to ensure a smooth transition.
The other two are British overseas territories: Anguilla and Montserrat.
Their compositions remained aluminum and cupro-nickel, respectively.
These three were struck in aluminum.
It is available as a generic medication and is inexpensive.
It is in the macrolide family and works by decreasing bacterial protein production.
Some evidence suggests similar hepatotoxicity in other populations.
Other programs work on developing stronger environmental laws, regulations, and standards.
Global and regional environmental issues are increasingly the subject of international law.
Similar laws may operate to protect plant species.
The journey time will be around four hours.
The cause of the failure was the onboard signalling system.
Ashford International station was the original station for Eurostar services in Kent.
See Length of equinoctial day and night for further discussion.
The equinoxes, along with solstices, are directly related to the seasons of the year.
The word comes from Latin "equi" or "equal" and "nox" meaning "night".
It was eventually discovered that it could be overcome by controlled heating and annealing.
As a young man, I chafed at this state of affairs.
During this period, Wigner developed an interest in mathematical problems.
During the electroweak epoch, the electroweak force separated from the strong force.
During the quark epoch, the electroweak force split into the electromagnetic and weak force.
The Lagrangian reorganizes itself after the Higgs boson acquires a vacuum expectation value.
He was born and died in Saalfeld, Saxony.
Reinhold catalogued a large number of stars.
Once the rupture has initiated, it begins to propagate along the fault surface.
The ground-shaking is measured by ground acceleration.
Millennia ago, the Japanese imperial family developed its own peculiar system of hereditary succession.
Extra sessions usually convene in the autumn and are opened then.
Japanese Emperors have nearly always been controlled by external political forces, to varying degrees.
Japanese monarchs were given their official title by the Chinese emperor.
The crown prince was addressed as 'Your Imperial Highness'.
He was overthrown three years later and the republic was restored.
In Reform and Conservative Judaism, egalitarian refers to nullification of religious gender separations.
Indeed, Allah is Knowing and Acquainted..
These ideas are considered by some to be contrary to the ideals of egalitarianism.
This test results in uniform decisions regarding admissibility.
Witness will describe both the test and the results.
The fee must not be contingent on the outcome of the case.
His parents were first cousins.
Here he oversaw the education of future Prime Minister H. H. Asquith.
Many works have been inspired by the novella, including novel sequels and short films.
While performing on the road she met and was befriended by Clara Louise Kellogg.
However, the company was incredibly popular with the public and was consistently financially successful.
Many of the works were abridged and interpolated songs were commonplace.
The "waka" poet Ariwara no Narihira was one of his grandsons.
Kanmu was an active emperor who attempted to consolidate government hierarchies and functions.
Many disguised themselves as Buddhist priests for the same reason.
One task he addressed was to prepare the way for a smooth succession.
Many suffered execution, engendering a cult of martyrdom.
Parr, rather than confront her husband over his inappropriate activities, joined in.
Most Japanese scholars do not accept this theory.
They moved eastward to find a location more appropriate for administering the entire country.
At this point, Jimmu is said to have ascended to the throne of Japan.
He was buried in the churchyard of Saint Mary's Church, Burlington, New Jersey.
Elisha Boudinot became Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of New Jersey.
The first, John, was born in the British West Indies-Antigua.
However, it is not harmless and does create oxygen radicals, mutations and skin damage.
In a microwave oven, this effect is used to heat food.
The modulation is similar to that used with radio waves.
As a result, client server had a tremendous impact on the expert systems market.
The inference engine applies the rules to the known facts to deduce new facts.
In the case of Hearsay recognizing phonemes in an audio stream.
De Vere's financial situation was steadily deteriorating.
Arundell refused De Vere's offer, and he and Howard initially sought asylum with Mendoza.
They correspond to the Dirae in Roman mythology.
The jury vote is evenly split.
Using euphemisms for the names of deities served many purposes throughout ancient religions.
He was Chairman of The Arts Club.
While based on Lindy Hop, it does have clear distinctions.
After his health improved, the tribunal denied his request for pardon.
Since Hitler survived and the conspirators were somewhat inept, they were quickly exposed.
All the children survived the war.
The couple, of peasant origin, was unable to get married due to financial problems.
The Social Democrats were outlawed, and their leaders were imprisoned or fled abroad.
Without a president, the parliament could not conclude the session.
After the main battle was over, he visited the gory battlefield.
Eventually "Meister Floh" was published with the offending passages removed.
The King asked for a reprimand only, but no action was ever taken.
Erasmus, they said, had laid the egg, and Luther had hatched it.
His last years were embittered by controversies with men toward whom he was sympathetic.
His parents were not legally married.
John Warner has used the book format for political satire.
However, as in the previous story, they make a key mistake that Encyclopedia exposes.
Voltaire's "... nor an empire" observation applies to its late period.
Ideas about empires have changed over time, ranging from public approval to universal distaste.
The empire was founded and consolidated by Shivaji.
There were also preliminary plans to deport Jews to Palestine and Siberia.
Auschwitz alone had enough capacity to fulfill the Nazis' remaining extermination needs.
Eurystheus was a character in "Heracleidae", a play by Euripides.
For his seventh labour, Heracles captured the Cretan Bull.
The bull was released and wandered to Marathon, becoming known as the Marathonian Bull.
Unlike stompboxes, rackmounts usually have several different types of effects.
Envelope follower: An envelope follower activates an effect once a designated volume is reached.
There is also a niche market for modifying or "modding" effects.
The most prominent being corporate raider Irwin Jacobs.
Enron International constructed power plants and pipelines across the globe.
Among the defendants were Royal Bank of Scotland, Deutsche Bank and Citigroup.
Nothing is known of the author.
Among those he converted was a certain Alexander, a man of senatorial rank.
A list of homilies with the complete text is given by Mai.
Our knowledge, however, is too fragmentary to pass a very accurate sentence.
Lastly, Eusebius wrote eulogies in praise of Constantine.
Eusebius prevailed and Eustathius was deposed at a synod in Antioch.
Their efforts made the hexaplaric Septuagint text increasingly popular in Syria and Palestine.
Ideas are therefore the faint copies of sensations.
If an apple was structured differently, it would cease to be an apple.
Secondary qualities are the sensory information we can perceive from its primary qualities.
All other known examples are purely instrumental pieces.
Hyperthermia alters the cell walls by means of so-called heat shock proteins.
There are many techniques by which heat may be delivered.
It is not a list of treatments widely available at hospitals.
These organizations exist on local, national, and international scales.
His essay is sometimes regarded as an example of the fallacy of hypostatization.
Many environmental historians consider the split between John Muir and Gifford Pinchot.
During the service, water is blessed.
The Patriarchal Text is used for the New Testament.
Eventually this led to each group anathematizing the other.
Even outside the empire, Eusebius had great influence.
The city was laid out as a castle town around Edo Castle.
Fishermen, craftsmen and other producers and retailers operated here.
In addition, ammonium nitrate is hygroscopic, susceptible to damp, hence the above concerns.
Sensitivity is an important consideration in selecting an explosive for a particular purpose.
True values for comparison require field experiments.
All of the dialogue and effects were dubbed in during post-production.
The term "exothermic" was first coined by Marcellin Berthelot.
This is the physical understanding of exothermic and endothermic reactions.
Net energy is absorbed by an endothermic reaction.
The English complied willingly.
The marriage was the first registered at the church.
A tape reader, controlled by the Baudot distributor, then replaced the manual keyboard.
Baudot devised one of the first applications of time-division multiplexing in telegraphy.
In the meantime, Baudot had patented his prototype telegraph a few weeks earlier.
This increases the probability of correct decoding.
Considerable research and development happened throughout the world for this new technology.
The headers are coded more robustly than the data.
Another source indicates that the letter is 'derived from Irish writing.
It is about east-southeast of Valenciennes.
The Syrian brown bear can be found in the mountains of Southeast Turkey.
South of this zone lies a zone of mixed woodland-steppe vegetation.
Word order is considerably more flexible than English, but the basic order is subject-verb-object.
The two languages were united based on northern Estonian by Anton thor Helle.
Neuro-linguistic programming uses E-Prime as a technique.
By contrast, theology does assert high value for some unquestioned and eternal past-to-future equivalences.
However, Ellis did not always use E-Prime because he believed it interferes with readability.
This will generally intersect the cubic at a third point, "R".
Examples for every case are known.
Topologically, a complex elliptic curve is a torus.
All extant species are in the genus "Equus".
The term equid refers to any member of this family, including any equine.
The family became relatively diverse during the Miocene, with many new species appearing.
For a history of economics, see the article History of economic thought.
Only economists with biographical articles in Wikipedia are listed here.
One Weizenbaum specifically wrote about was when there is not a keyword.
In the foreword he presented it as a form of constrained writing.
The secret was that the two programs were identical.
For example, when computing the binary method requires multiplications and squarings.
The bits are used in left to right order.
A single-nucleotide exon has been reported from the "Arabidopsis" genome.
This has become a standard technique in developmental biology.
Enco was created as an acronym for the phrase "Energy Company".
However, the Justice Department objected to the sale on anti-trust grounds.
In Colombia, both the Esso and Mobil brands are used.
It has since recovered.
The region is a habitat for salmon, sea otters, seals and seabirds.
Access to the records was controlled by Exxon.
He travelled widely and quite a few of his recipes are from abroad.
Edward was a healthy baby who suckled strongly from the outset.
By contrast, Edward's reign saw radical progress in the Reformation.
At home, he took measures to police local unrest.
This is most often done in response to stress.
Inhaled epinephrine may be used to improve the symptoms of croup.
A fast heart rate and high blood pressure may occur.
The subroutine concept led to the availability of a substantial subroutine library.
Input was via five-hole punched tape and output was via a teleprinter.
This is of course well known today as job queues.
Shepard was recommended to A.
His courage and coolness were conspicuous.
Happy with the results, Milne then insisted Shepard illustrate "Winnie-the-Pooh".
Some enterobacteria produce endotoxins.
Most have many flagella used to move about, but a few genera are nonmotile.
Off the field the club went through troubled times as well.
In his first season, Essendon finished eighth.
The team plays its home games at Windy Hill.
Blyton's depictions of boys and girls are considered by many critics to be sexist.
Mee offered to print her verses, encouraging her to produce more.
She had all she needed.
The term is sometimes used as a synonym of "Mesolithic".
Of these animals, it is likely that only the equids were migrational.
The executive executes and enforces law.
Executive bureaucracies are commonly the source of regulations.
The thesis was on X-ray diffraction images.
At Argonne he continued experimental physics, investigating neutron scattering with Leona Marshall.
Fermi and Anderson did so too a few weeks later.
The Emacs distribution includes the full list.
The term "Western Orthodox Church" is disfavored by members of that Vicariate.
The ranking of the archbishoprics is the same.
The patriarch of Rome was "first in place of honor" among the five patriarchs.
The third-bridge guitar is an electric prepared guitar with an additional, third bridge.
Some instruments-notably most Gibson models-continue to use set-in glued necks.
In acoustic and archtop guitars, wood choices more clearly affect tone.
This is partly because Haeckel's drawings were very inaccurate.
Furthermore, Haeckel even proposed theoretical life-forms to accommodate certain stages in embryogenesis.
The two quickly sought to integrate their knowledge into an evolutionary program.
However, Gibbs did not use the word "enthalpy" in his writings.
So there could be no comparison with The Mission.
He respects music, he respects composers.
Tarantino originally wanted Morricone to compose the soundtrack for his film, "Inglourious Basterds".
For whatever reason, I was a natural at it.
He said, Wing tsun was, really, love at first sight.
It applies to traffic transmission systems that do not buffer traffic.
The formula also assumes that blocked traffic is cleared and does not return.
It is, for example, used to dimension a telephone network's links.
Any player may legally catch a backwards or lateral pass.
These backfield players are also eligible receivers.
The rules on eligible receivers only apply to forward passes.
However, a result of economic self-sufficiency, Albania had a minimal foreign debt.
Hoxha managed to remain firm and his support had not declined.
The call sought to enlist support in Albania for the war against the fascists.
His contributions included the description of several dozen species of Hydrozoa new to science.
The theory of a constitutional monarchy had already had some proponents in Japan.
The Emperor decided not to surrender.
Emsworth began as a Saxon village.
At first it was linked to the settlement of Warblington nearby.
Both clubs organise a programme of racing and social events during the sailing season.
Two liquids can form different types of emulsions.
In general, the Bancroft rule applies.
Due to their similarity in appearance, translucent nanoemulsions and microemulsions are frequently confused.
Edward and Mountbatten formed a close friendship during the trip.
The city of Ottawa, Ontario, erected Mountbatten Avenue in his memory.
He offered no invitation.
A temporary lessening in the threat of war with Britain aided Gerry.
The commissioners refused, and sought unsuccessfully to engage Talleyrand in formal negotiations.
Ever since, the creation of such districts has been called gerrymandering.
There have been numerous reports of data in transit being intercepted in recent years.
Communicating parties must have the same key before they can achieve secure communication.
It is now commonly used in protecting information within many kinds of civilian systems.
Alternatives are still possible.
The word locality has several different meanings in physics.
Heisenberg explained this as a disturbance caused by measurement.
These lists of names are not necessarily complete.
In an enclosed environment the water would evaporate until the air is saturated.
Others do likewise around the world.
This is why evaporating sweat cools the human body.
The term "esbat" in this sense was described by Margaret Murray.
These two end points are not included as regular diatonic tunings.
It tempers out the septimal comma but not the syntonic comma.
This was also proposed by several writers during the Classical era.
He left most of his property to cousins.
There could be no refusal of the elder's wishes.
He was relieved as Chief of Naval Staff, and received extension from the government.
Iran, an erstwhile leading oil producer, assisted in establishing the Eastern Refinery in Chittagong.
His parents, Edward and Inez Wilson, divorced when he was seven.
Wilson was born in Birmingham, Alabama.
His daughter, Catherine, and her husband Jonathan, reside in nearby Stow, Massachusetts.
Unlike most engineers, Armstrong never became a corporate employee.
This patent was subsequently sold to Westinghouse.
There were no extraneous sounds.
The game-world of "EverQuest" consists of over five hundred zones.
However, this early version of the game has since been scrapped and development cancelled.
Volunteers were compensated with free subscription and expansions to the game.
It seems that this individual has left no living descendants.
The fossils have not yet been dated.
Lactase persistence is an example of such recent evolution.
The first volume deals exclusively with Constantinople, the final volume with Egypt.
It is thrown from rock to rock as high as the sky.
This part of Egyptian history, the Amarna period, is named after this.
Then the mummy was buried and the tomb sealed.
The kingdom's Greek ruling class identified the Egyptian deities with their own.
The categories are knowledge or recall, comprehension application, analysis, synthesis and evaluation.
He developed taxonomy of educational objectives.
For Dewey, education was a social experience that helped bring together generations of people.
Consumers and merchants were slow to accept it, and there was minimal marketing.
Australian debit cards normally cannot be used outside Australia.
It is also used to signal if the card is chip-enabled.
Others believe it to be the Epistle to the Ephesians.
This is not at all clear, however, since none of the text survives.
It is not known what this letter might have contained.
It is now collectively known as the Holocaust.
Once the industrial killings were completed, the van was returned to Berlin.
Minor excommunication is roughly equivalent to the interdict in Western law.
In such cases, a bishop determines whether excommunication or a lesser sanction is warranted.
However upon later confession, the church member will be reinstated.
Each half-cell has a characteristic voltage.
An electrochemical cell consists of two half-cells.
Other devices for achieving separation of solutions are porous pots and gelled solutions.
Spiders stop feeding at some time before moulting, usually for several days.
Ecdysis allows damaged tissue and missing limbs to be regenerated or substantially re-formed.
In many species it is initiated by an increase in the hormone ecdysone.
It has cold winters with overnight frost and occasional light snow falls.
The Bi-Centennial National Horse Trail also passes through Ebor.
Early morning and evening are the best times for photography.
It is said to be written in excellent Classical Greek, using sophisticated philosophical terms.
This is part of a dispute in regards to the Aryan invasion theory.
Apart from Shortughai is Mundigak, another notable site.
When the photon is emitted at an infinitely large distance, there is no redshift.
Nowadays, this can be easily shown in accelerated coordinates.
Pearse surrendered unconditionally to Brigadier-General Lowe.
Why shouldn't we?
He had the authority to do this, as the Volunteers' Director of Organisation.
The names of the extant genus and the family honours Danish zoologist Daniel Eschricht.
Shortly after his proclamation as king, he had to face several military threats.
A recent article re-examines Edmund's death and dismisses the later chronicle accounts as fiction.
Page then began negotiations with Hughes' successor as leader of the Nationalists, Stanley Bruce.
He also helped found a movement for New England statehood.
Page continued his professional medical practice.
Over four hundred hymns composed by Ephrem still exist.
Granted that some have been lost, Ephrem's productivity is not in doubt.
The accord has a provision ensuring a fair industrial return to Canada.
Languages generally used are English and French.
It was speculated that Europe would finance part of it.
Indeed, French flautist Marcel Moyse did not play with a symmetrical embouchure.
The embouchure is an important element to tone production.
The top teeth then rest on top of the mouthpiece.
The collective's bands all moved on to various labels and projects of their own.
However, many band members are still friends and even tour together under various guises.
Many live together on the Orange Twin Conservation Community in Athens.
Numerous German Pietist hymns became part of the English Evangelical repertoire.
High Churchmen were distinguished by their desire to adhere to primitive Christianity.
General Montt, an Evangelical from the Pentecostal tradition, came to power through a coup.
Almost all brass bands in Britain perform regularly, particularly during the summer months.
Besson produces a four-valve non-compensating euphonium with the fourth valve on the side.
Only those designed with extra tubing are compensating.
The class of entire functions is closed with respect to compositions.
According to J. E. Littlewood, the Weierstrass sigma function is a 'typical' entire function.
The exponential function and the error function are special cases of the Mittag-Leffler function.
The logical progression and organizational structure of an essay can take many forms.
Some newspapers also print essays in the op-ed section.
Compare and contrast is arranged emphatically.
Any error-correcting code can be used for error detection.
Each block is transmitted some predetermined number of times.
The parity bit is an example of a single-error-detecting code.
The validity of the Euclidean algorithm can be proven by a two-step argument.
A finite field is a set of numbers with four generalized operations.
Iterating the same argument, "r" divides all the preceding remainders, including "a" and "b".
It includes both in a "deterministic forecast" mode and as an ensemble.
It is best known for producing the Eurovision Song Contest.
The televised competition is held every two years, with some countries holding national heats.
The main show is also accompanied by the "Magic Circus Show Orchestra".
One of the most successful alternative technologies remains electrothermal-chemical ignition.
Furthermore, it can be integrated into current gun systems.
Reduction in recoil can also be achieved through mass attenuation of the thermal sleeve.
Both radars used pulse-Doppler technology, with Westinghouse's design emerging as the contract winner.
Without the inspection, the aircraft would no longer be allowed to fly.
Consoles display computer-processed data in graphic and tabular format on video screens.
The aircraft is commonly referred to as the "Hooter".
The joint program accurately tracked mobile Iraqi forces, including tanks and Scud missiles.
Cheney also worked on the development of remote controlled submarines for the Royal Navy.
He moved into bike preparation and designs for motorcycle chassis and suspension systems.
Replicas were built, but production was short-lived due to a shortage of engines.
Econometric theory uses statistical theory and mathematical statistics to evaluate and develop econometric methods.
The basic tool for econometrics is the multiple linear regression model.
Van Langen was born in Oldenzaal, Overijssel.
She has a degree in economics from the University of Amsterdam.
After her Olympic triumph, she was plagued by various injuries.
Otherwise, the changes will have to be reevaluated manually when the user restarts Emacs.
In addition, bytecode files are platform-independent.
Here follows a simple example of an Emacs extension written in Emacs Lisp.
But, his brothers remained plain 'Bulwer'.
But, after a public outcry she was released a few weeks later.
Finally he had her committed to a mental asylum.
Esperanto has not fragmented into regional dialects through natural language use.
However, Ido has proven to be a rich source of Esperanto vocabulary.
The other moods are the infinitive, conditional, and jussive.
Adjectives generally agree with nouns in case and number.
Non-relative subordinate clauses are similarly restricted.
Live music, poetry reading, or literature reading are usual activities.
Many people did indeed do this in order to recruit more Esperanto speakers.
On top of that, things like stamp collecting were popular hobbies for children.
For example, interpersonal anger and disgust could blend to form contempt.
Lange was a Danish physician and psychologist.
Psychotherapist Michael C. Graham describes all emotions as existing on a continuum of intensity.
Philosophy should provide a standard for good and evil.
What is misfortune, or a quarrel, or a complaint?
No writings by Epictetus are known.
He also composed and published twelve musical settings of Tennyson's poetry.
He suffered from periods of severe melancholia which he referred to as the Morbids.
A typical thematic element is the presence of a callous and critical they.
She performed in leading and supporting roles over nearly six decades.
She was known for her deadpan delivery of jokes in films.
That's Eve Arden.
It is also closed under differentiation.
It is not closed under limits and infinite sums.
Eschewing metaphysics, Arrian focused his attention on Epictetus's work applying philosophy in daily life.
For many centuries, the "Enchiridion" maintained its authority both with Christians and Pagans.
The book was a common school text in Scotland during the Scottish Enlightenment.
This Imperial Prince was the next youngest brother of Emperor Senka.
He would come to be known as Emperor Kinmei.
The Imperial Household Agency designates the Nara location as Kinmei's mausoleum.
It is formally named "Kawachi no Shinaga no naka no o no misasagi".
The Imperial Household Agency designates this location as Bidatsu's mausoleum.
The actual site of Bidatsu's grave is known.
He was also referred to as and after the palace in which he lived.
Yomei had three Empresses and seven Imperial sons and daughters.
According to Nihon Shoki, Emperor Yomei believed both in Buddhism and Shintoism.
He was the twelfth son of Emperor Kinmei.
She was the third daughter of Emperor Kinmei.
She bore seven sons.
It's formally named "Shinaga no Yamada no misasagi".
Empress Saimei ruled for seven years.
The Empress, shocked by this incident, abdicated the throne.
He enacted the Taika Reform edicts.
The actual site of Tenji's grave is known.
The Imperial Household Agency designates this location as Tenji's mausoleum.
It is formally named "Yamashina no misasagi".
It is formally named "Nagara no Yamasaki no misasagi".
The actual site of his grave is known.
It is formally named "Ochi-no-Okanoe no misasagi".
The Imperial Household Agency designates this location as Monmu's mausoleum.
Monmu's mother was Princess Abe, a daughter of Emperor Tenji.
In general, this elite group included only three to four men at a time.
The site is publicly accessible.
He was the seventh son of Prince Toneri, a son of Emperor Tenmu.
Heizei was the eldest son of the Emperor Kanmu and empress Fujiwara no Otomuro.
Heizei had three Empresses and seven sons and daughters.
According to legend, he was the first Japanese emperor to drink tea.
Many of the children received the surname Minamoto, thereby removing them from royal succession.
This was intended to reunify the Imperial Line.
This produced a state of affairs in which there was no Emperor in Kyoto.
The Southern Court repeatedly recaptured Kyoto.
Also around this time, the Emperor's authority began to show its weakness.
This emperor's posthumous name literally means "joyfully healthy peace".
This emperor's posthumous name literally means "steady tranquillity".
Emperor Annei was either the eldest son or the only son of Emperor Suizei.
This posthumous name literally means "filial manifestation".
There is insufficient material available for further verification and study.
It is formally named "Kataoka no Umasaka no misasagi".
The Imperial Household Agency designates this location as Kaika's mausoleum.
Peace and prosperity ensued.
He became the ancestor of Kamitsuke and Shimotsuke clans.
It is formally named "Sugawara no Fushimi no higashi no misasagi".
The Imperial Household Agency designates this location as Suinin's mausoleum.
The actual site of Suinin's grave is not known.
Little is known about him.
It is formally named "Saki no Tatanami no misasagi".
According to these same legends, his wife was suddenly possessed by some unknown gods.
He supposedly lived in two palaces both of which are in present-day Osaka.
The Hata clan considered him their guardian Kami.
It is formally named "Mozu no Mimihara no naka no misasagi".
The Imperial Household Agency designates this location as his mausoleum.
It is formally named Mozu no mimihara no minami no misasagi.
He was succeeded by his younger brother Emperor Hanzei.
Hanzei was the son of Emperor Nintoku and Iwanohime.
No other details have survived.
The actual site of Hanzei's grave is not known.
This emperor is traditionally venerated at a memorial Shinto shrine at Nara Prefecture.
His name in birth was "Shiraka".
It is said that the color of his hair was white since birth.
It is formally named "Kataoka no Iwatsuki no oka no kita no misasagi".
The actual site of Ninken's grave is not known.
When Emperor Kenzo died without heirs, Prince Oke succeeded him as Emperor Ninken.
The actual site of Buretsu's grave is not known.
The actual site of Keitai's grave is not known.
Keitai was not the son of the immediate previous monarch.
Among his sons, Emperor Ankan, Emperor Senka and Emperor Kinmei ascended to the throne.
The Imperial Household Agency designates this location as Senka's mausoleum.
Eastmoreland is filled with trees and lush landscaping.
Her father is actor Richard Davalos.
She is of Spanish and Finnish descent on her father's side.
Kocher also contributed significantly to the field of neurology and neurosurgery.
As a third factor, Hintzsche mentions the minimal blood loss which Kocher achieved.
He was able to inspire students and taught them to think clearly and logically.
Constraint programming can also be very effective on this problem.
Note that the six queens puzzle has fewer solutions than the five queens puzzle.
These are called "fundamental" solutions; representatives of each are shown below.
The Bombieri-Vinogradov theorem is one of the major applications of the large sieve method.
This result can sometimes substitute for the still-unproved generalized Riemann hypothesis.
This agreement leads to the reconstruction of a Proto-Indo-European dawn goddess.
Memnon fought among the Trojans in the Trojan War and was slain.
Among the Etruscans, the generative dawn-goddess was Thesan.
He was born in Barcelona and died in Bastia.
The table below shows the average temperatures for the islands by month.
There is an airport on the island, Marina di Campo Airport.
In the middle ages, it was invaded by the Ostrogoths and the Lombards.
Upon landing, a sacrifice is made to the gods.
He was accompanied by an attendant Isimud.
Enki was the keeper of the divine powers called "Me", the gifts of civilization.
He last starred on stage as the title character in "Visiting Mr. Green".
The stage was where Wallach focused his early career.
The line-up stabilised as the band took to a decidedly more accessible sound.
The planned tour was cancelled.
Ash is possessed once again and turns on his remaining companions, incapacitating Jake.
The film begins with a simplified recap of the events of the first film.
However, there are nevertheless numerous stories about the strange happenings on the set.
Wilson telescope did not support the expanding universe theory.
The play "Creation's Birthday", written by Cornell physicist Hasan Padamsee, tells Hubble's life story.
However, the prize is not one that can be awarded posthumously.
Shortly after Ninmyo was enthroned, he designated an heir.
He was also known as "Tamura-no-mikado" or "Tamura-tei".
It is formally named "Tamura no misasagi".
During this time, the tradition of naming eras because of good omens changed.
His mother was Fujiwara no Sawako.
The actual site of Uda's grave is known.
The Baikal seal is the only species of exclusively freshwater seal.
The pup's diet is so high in calories, it builds up a fat store.
Instead, they communicate by slapping the water and grunting.
A spy breaking the host country's laws may be deported, imprisoned, or even executed.
It created an antenna in Paris run by Pyotr Rachkovsky to monitor their activities.
Captain H. J.
The "Exile" trilogy was very well received.
There were four games released in the series.
The games have three modes including Outdoor Mode, Town Mode and Combat Mode.
The Imperial Household Agency designates this location as Kazan's mausoleum.
He is buried amongst the "Seven Imperial Tombs" at Ryoan-ji Temple in Kyoto.
Prince Morasada was seventeen years of age at the time of the succession.
On Gov't Mule's album Shout!
He continued to write songs and began looking for a solo recording contract.
He also performed the title track of the Charles Mingus tribute collection, "Weird Nightmare".
Many countries require one to three years without seizures.
Up to a quarter of people stop treatment due to adverse effects.
Avoidance therapy consists of minimizing or eliminating triggers.
Finally, poor randomization of target stimuli could be happening.
The scientific consensus does not view extrasensory perception as a real phenomenon.
This could be the reflection of a Zener card in the holder's glasses.
There is a distinction between two types of economies of scale: internal and external.
Overall costs of capital projects are known to be subject to economies of scale.
Wiesel was an adviser at the Gatestone Institute.
This injustice must stop.
Hunt was arrested the following month and charged with multiple offenses.
Numerous parties and concerts are held worldwide to celebrate Woodmas.
A few minutes later he yelled out, Kathy, I can't breathe!
Wood spent the weekend drinking vodka.
It is published in a single volume.
Most of the individuals involved have moved on to other companies or efforts.
Each had special features that the others did not.
Tremor occurring in the legs might be diagnosable as orthostatic tremor.
Most other tremors occur in association with hand tremor.
Some cases have Lewy bodies in the locus ceruleus.
Their skill was in the bow, and in the cimeter, and the ax.
It also discusses the redemption of the Nephites and their enemies, the Lamanites.
Many of them ate nothing except raw meat.
The average period length is five years.
It gives the flute a bright sound.
Conventional flutes are blown with the mouth, although some cultures use nose flutes.
The signalled stoppage time may be further extended by the referee.
The most successful team of the era was Dick, Kerr's Ladies of Preston, England.
For example, there are central defenders, and left and right midfielders.
Sunshine releases continued until the introduction of sound.
Chaplin's contract allowed him to produce his films without a set release schedule.
Warner Brothers and First National continued to operate as separate entities.
It's so well done.
There he was awarded a scholarship in playwriting.
It has been selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry.
Estonia is south of the country across the Gulf of Finland.
The retreating glaciers have left the land with morainic deposits in formations of eskers.
The third was found in Gotland, in the Baltic Sea.
They reproduce by binary fission.They spend most of their existence moving or feeding.
Flagella often support hairs, called mastigonemes, or contain rods.
They can cause diseases and are typically heterotrophic.
The ubiquitous "green apple" aroma is based on hexyl acetate.
These are typically used as sodium or calcium salts.
Many flavorants consist of esters, which are often described as being "sweet" or "fruity".
Generally, all these texts are restricted to legalistic writings.
However, the number of different languages within the Germanic group is rather limited.
Stadsfries is not Frisian, but a Dutch dialect influenced by West Frisian.
It is the principal language of writing, school instruction, and administrative use.
The use of English is growing in the business and media environment.
It is also where the language has evolved the most in recent years.
Formula fiction is similar to genre fiction.
The "formula" is defined specifically by predictable narrative structure.
Most cryptographic protocols rely on finite fields, i.e., fields with finitely many elements.
Function fields can help describe properties of geometric objects.
This technique is called the local-global principle.
For example, Hadamard's 'Gamma'-function which, unlike the Gamma function, is an entire function.
Thin lines show intermediate levels of constant modulus and constant phase.
Most software applications will compute small factorials by direct multiplication or table lookup.
Lang fled to America instead, where he had a long and prosperous career.
As a consequence, such films tended to be unsuccessful at the box office.
Film industry financing was a fragile business and expensive productions occasionally led to bankruptcy.
This case has been cited as an example of frivolous litigation.
The law firm may also be sanctioned, or even held in contempt.
To be deemed frivolous, a litigant's arguments must strike beyond the pale.
Fiddle playing, or fiddling, refers to various styles of music.
A three stringed double bass variant is also used.
These explanations present the differences between fiddle music and other violin music.
The flugelhorn is built in the same B pitch as many trumpets and cornets.
The terms "folk music", "folk song", and "folk dance" are comparatively recent expressions.
The Red Army Choir recorded many albums.
Some traditional song narratives recall supernatural events or mysterious deaths.
Fullerenes have since been found to occur in nature.
The phrase is used to suggest an analogy with an informal fallacy.
An example would occur if a cow were defined as a legless quadruped.
This can lead to circular definitions.
Anne's Point after the American Revolution, having left their properties in the United States.
Fredericton is also home to several commercial art galleries.
French and English hostilities continued along the border.
That is summarized at the Debian web site.
See "Gratis" versus "libre".
In other words, it focuses more on the development.
The core work of the free software movement focused on software development.
Restricting and controlling the user's decisions on use is the actual violation of freedom.
Salmon and mushrooms are foods high in umami.
Most food has always been obtained through agriculture.
Similarly, dried foods also promote food safety.
The album reached number fourteen on "Billboard"'s Top Jazz Albums chart.
Online fantasy sports are a multibillion-dollar industry.
However, it was never organized into a widespread hobby or formal business.
Despite the economic instability, fantasy sports started to become a mainstream hobby.
A quarterback who runs out of this pocket is said to be scrambling.
Today, the only linemen who can receive a forward pass are the ends.
Cochems' team reportedly completed eight passes in ten attempts for four touchdowns.
Radio is a key source of information, particularly on the outer islands.
The Media Decree prohibits "irresponsible reporting" and provides for government censorship of the media.
The Fiji Media Industry Development Authority is responsible for enforcing these provisions.
The rail network is mainly used for movement of sugar cane.
Suva and Lautoka are the largest seaports.
However, most of its surrounding island nations have no militaries at all.
Fiji's Military has a history of political intervention.
He also spoke against government plans to downsize the military.
A special license would be granted only to clear the stock, he said.
He reaffirmed Fiji's support for the One China policy.
If China had its way it would not want Taiwan on that.
It is the line that must be crossed in order to score a touchdown.
Other defensive actions are generally categorised as "one percenters".
In Middle Dutch, the verb "tacken" meant to grab or to handle.
Place kickers and punters are afforded an even greater protection from being tackled.
In this instance, they may decide to employ a forward pass.
This will be the offensive play.
Change of possession may also occur in other ways.
Jean-Pierre Papin has described football as a "universal language".
Average salaries in women's leagues are far lower.
Wages in some top men's leagues are significantly higher than other jobs.
This having to transform into perfection is-art.
The Nazis made selective use of Nietzsche's philosophy.
Nietzsche felt that modern antisemitism was "despicable" and against European ideals.
I'm not sure if the general public knows that.
The grave is unmarked.
The order name is derived from genus "Fagus", beeches.
They belong among the rosid group of dicotyledons.
The other families were split into three different orders, placed among the Hamamelidae.
The opposite can also be used.
If more than one player remains after the first round, the "draw" phase begins.
The reason is that the other players quite easily can "read" the hand.
Unfortunately, this can motivate trolls to intensify their activities, creating additional distractions.
If I could only ignore them, the computer conferences were still valuable.
Such interactions have always been part of literary criticism.
As Wright's career progressed, so did the mechanization of the glass industry.
Frank Lloyd Wright was interested in site and community planning throughout his career.
Papa liked them!
Each participant is given the choice of "pick, pass, or play".
However, some common themes do not fall neatly into filk's science fiction origins.
Anyone may make a nomination.
I thought the name was a horror.
Others whistle when they reach a certain velocity in flight.
If the disc were not spinning, it would crash to the ground.
Spanish language teachers were provided by Argentina.
Peat is common on the islands and has traditionally been exploited as a fuel.
Measures were taken against the settlement.
A basin developed and was filled with land-based, or terrigenous, sediments.
There are no native reptiles or amphibians on the islands.
Humidity and winds, however, are constantly high.
Suffrage is universal in the Falklands, with the minimum voting age at eighteen.
The most serious criminal and civil matters are reserved for the Supreme Court.
The islands use the Falkland pound, which is backed by sterling.
Each year thereafter the production date has been pushed back another year.
At its highest point, the Burdwood Bank is below sea level.
Fox Bay is also a customs entry point for West Falkland.
The Falkland Islands have two airports with paved runways.
The trackbed is still visible.
The groups operates the Joint Service Explosive Ordnance Disposal Operations Centre.
The Sea Kings carried out short and medium range search and rescue missions.
During the same period the government was also engaged in massive overspending.
Recuperative measures were put in place and largely worked.
The fishing industry survived largely intact.
Although at a high latitude, due to the Gulf Stream their climate is ameliorated.
Snow is also seen at a much higher frequency than outlying islands nearby.
Faroese is spoken in the entire country as a first language.
The Faroese language is one of the smallest of the Germanic languages.
It is most similar to Icelandic and Norwegian.
The chairman with the most votes is then handed the initiative.
High dependence on fishing means the economy remains extremely vulnerable.
The Faroese hope to broaden their economic base by building new fish-processing plants.
Tidal power and Thermal energy storage solutions are also considered.
The newest developments of the Faroese transportation network are the sub-sea tunnels.
It was originally built by British Royal Engineers during the Second World War.
The country's currency is the Fijian dollar.
Today, the main sources of foreign exchange are its tourist industry and sugar exports.
Fiji was re-admitted to the Commonwealth of Nations.
Because of Finland's northern location, winter is the longest season.
Coastal Finland consists of broad clay plains where agriculture plays a leading role.
A number of factors caused the increased frequency of divorce.
Another consisted of those who immigrated after the dissolution of the Soviet Union.
Municipalities are classified as either unilingual or bilingual with a majority language.
The main executive power lies in the cabinet headed by the prime minister.
Administrative courts process cases where official decisions are contested.
The number of ministers can be decided by the cabinet.
For this reason, companies now tend to focus on high added-value processing of metals.
Also, early and generous retirement schemes have contributed to high pension costs.
Domestic: Digital fiber-optic fixed-line network and an extensive cellular network provide domestic needs.
Only Helsinki has retained its tramway network.
Legislation forbids nuclear weapons entirely.
However, until such service has been arranged, they are freed from service obligation.
As the conscripts age, their unit is given new, different tasks and materiel.
Implicitly this belongs to the powers of the government.
At the same time, the agreement recognised Finland's desire to remain outside great-power conflicts.
The popular support for the strictly self-defensive doctrine remains.
Fares are normally cheap, but rural services can be limited, especially on weekends.
Indeed, trunk roads begin on the parvis of Notre-Dame of Paris at Kilometre Zero.
At the same time, France was fending off attacks on its colonies.
France and its allies were victorious this time.
There are also naval and air personnel deployed offshore.
Nasser proclaimed France as the only friend of Egypt in the West.
We survived as a people.
De Gaulle pursued a policy of national independence.
At the time French Guinea was the only colony to refuse the new constitution.
French is the only official language of French Polynesia.
Tourist facilities are well developed and are available on the major islands.
It is made up of six archipelagos.
French Polynesia is located in Oceania.
Legislative power is vested in both the government and the Assembly of French Polynesia.
The government is headed by the President of French Polynesia.
The small manufacturing sector primarily processes agricultural products.
The territory has no permanent civilian population.
While many Guianese wish to see more autonomy, support for complete independence is low.
Protests by those calling for more autonomy from France have become increasingly vocal.
Food was pushed in and bodies removed once a day.
See also the article on the geography of Suriname.
The official language, like for all overseas departments and territories of France, is French.
It is largely responsible for the high population growth of French Guiana.
French and Guianese Creole French are the most widely spoken languages.
The administrative center is Cayenne.
Guiana elects two Senators to the French Senate.
Garimpeiros returned to retrieve the lost loot and colleagues.
French Guiana is heavily dependent on imports of food and energy.
Unemployment is a serious problem, particularly among younger workers.
Departures are on demand, usually when a number of passengers is met.
With a bus scheduled to arrive every hour from Monday to Saturday.
These buses are also used to transport students from different schools.
This was also his first film shot in color.
It was his grandmother who instilled in him her love of books and music.
The study was conducted using a methodology developed by the World Intellectual Property Organization.
Compared to the United States, Polish fair use distinguishes between private and public use.
It simply makes the third factor less favorable to the defendant.
The X-Hawk was being promoted for rescue and utility functions.
The requisite decrease in rotor size would also decrease fuel efficiency.
Each film ran as long as there was film in the camera.
Screening dailies gives the editor a general idea of the director's intentions.
Another example that is employed in many films is the sports montage.
However, contemporary accounts do not support that notion.
On "Aint" it Funky" the tonal structure is barebones.
Original beats that feature funk-styled bass or rhythm guitar riffs are also not uncommon.
Then the frequency can be read from the calibrated readout on the stroboscope.
The frequencies an ear can hear are limited to a specific range of frequencies.
To reach higher frequencies, several stages of heterodyning can be used.
Several film festival submission portal websites exist to streamline filmmakers' entries into multiple festivals.
The festival played a major role in introducing foreign films to American audiences.
Its focus is on Latin American cinema.
The strictures of wartime also brought an interest in more fantastical subjects.
Exhibition venues became larger and began charging higher prices.
The three-hour film was extremely difficult to make due to the Nazi occupation.
Nevertheless, several directors made innovative use of sound once the technology became available.
Even as the economy of the Soviet Union strengthened, film production continued to decrease.
Colin Blakely performed Peppone in one of his last film roles.
These directors' works often span many decades and genres.
Film cameras were able to enter almost every aspect of Polish life.
The Communist government invested resources into building a sophisticated cinema audience.
This all helped to build a well informed film audience.
A typical program picture was shot in four weeks.
Notable talkies of this period include Mikio Naruse's Wife, Be Like A Rose!
Xu Jinglei, a popular Chinese actress, has made six movies to date.
It featured no star of international renown and was acted mostly by non-professionals.
It allowed directors to get away from reality and show their artistic sense.
The series' success led to a spy film boom with many Bond imitations.
Influenced by world politics, it encouraged American investment and imports.
It was a part-talkie with a synchronized score and sound effects.
Early theories analyzed stereotypes and how they reflect society's view of women.
Mulvey calls for an eradication of female sexual objectivity, aligning herself with second-wave feminism.
Mulvey's argument is likely influenced by the time period in which she was writing.
First, it was created to redeem the art of film itself.
For example, take the single element of editing.
It is this auteur style that concerns formalism.
Film theory has significant overlap with the philosophy of film.
Instead, Bordwell promotes what he describes as neoformalism.
Noir parodies come in darker tones as well.
Night-for-night shooting, as opposed to the Hollywood norm of day-for-night, was often employed.
These efforts typify what came to be known as neo-noir.
Regular sound changes proposed for this stage are few and remain open to interpretation.
However, this approach has been rejected by nearly all other specialists in Uralic linguistics.
But the grouping is far from transparent or securely established.
Freestyle continues to have a strong following in New York.
"Let the Music Play" eventually became freestyle's biggest hit, and still receives frequent airplay.
New freestyle releases are popular with enthusiasts and newcomers alike.
And these phantasies are often very violent and aggressive.
Fantasies can also be sexual in nature.
People from Myanmar or Burmese, have no family names.
In Denmark and Norway, the corresponding ending is "-sen", as in "Karlsen".
Some Western Armenian names have a particle Der, while their Eastern counterparts have Ter.
The countries that use francs include Switzerland, Liechtenstein, and most of Francophone Africa.
The franc was also used within the French Empire's colonies, including Algeria and Cambodia.
Longer term liquidity may also be provided in exceptional circumstances.
Presidents serve five-year terms and may be reappointed.
Bank runs can lead to a multitude of social and economic problems.
Francium is a highly radioactive metal that decays into astatine, radium, and radon.
Perey then suggested "francium", after France.
It was then referred to by the provisional name "eka-caesium".
It is a member of the actinide series.
However, nanogram quantities of fermium can be prepared for specific experiments.
A rapid fractional crystallization method has also been described.
With his health further deteriorating, Chopin desired to have a family member with him.
The main objective is to create jobs by improving the investment in the economy.
Even before the election Dehler was assigned as party chairman.
Therefore, it also rejects all elements of a monitoring country.
Up until this point facsimile machines were very expensive and hard to operate.
Also the sender can attach a digital signature to the document file.
Stroke speed is usually expressed as a number of strokes per minute.
Motion picture projects have three discrete stages: development, production and distribution.
This consists of the people who design the sets and create the graphic art.
Some actors or actresses have personal makeup artists or hair stylists.
They may have developed during different time periods.
These rituals also helped preserve the cultural ideas.
With the series of physiological changes, the consciousness realizes an emotion of fear.
"Football squad" may be used to be inclusive of these support and reserve players.
Exceptionally, it represents the voiced labiodental fricative in the common word "of".
After sound changes eliminated from spoken Greek, "digamma" was used only as a numeral.
The International Phonetic Alphabet uses to represent the voiceless labiodental fricative.
This is a method of great antiquity, as well as having modern equivalents.
Fermentation can also make foods more nutritious and palatable.
Researchers develop specific regimens for each variety to achieve the best quality.
A common method for recovering the information signal is through a Foster-Seeley discriminator.
Frequency modulation is also more robust against signal-amplitude-fading phenomena.
The improvement depends on modulation level and deviation.
The result of the work of the Holy Spirit is faith.
Rationalists point out that many people hold irrational beliefs, for many reasons.
One more reason for irrational beliefs can perhaps be explained by operant conditioning.
It's called F wave because it was initially recorded in the foot muscles.
Fruits are the means by which angiosperms disseminate seeds.
All fruits and vegetables should be rinsed before eating.
In all these examples, the fruit develops from a single flower with numerous pistils.
These days do not correspond to the modern Gregorian calendar.
Jacqueline Kennedy led an effort to redecorate and restore the White House.
During her lifetime she was often referred to as "Lady Washington".
Use of the title later spread from the United States to other nations.
He was raised a Catholic but adopted Zen Buddhism as an adult.
During this time Herbert also worked as a speechwriter for Republican senator Guy Cordon.
They instead titled the song "To Tame a Land".
Here "fictional" can be a misnomer.
Alien languages are subject of both science fiction and scientific research.
But the two terms are not interchangeable.
A driver can be lapped numerous times, by any car in front of him.
The formula is a set of rules that all participants' cars must meet.
Franco Baresi is the younger brother of Internazionale legendary defender Giuseppe Baresi.
He retired from coaching and was replaced by Roberto Bertuzzo.
Despite being a defender, he was also an accurate penalty kick taker.
Rock series are divided into stages, just as geological epochs are divided into ages.
Stages can be divided into smaller stratigraphic units called chronozones.
He had several girlfriends.
He may have suffered from an eating disorder.
The truth lies in some very elusive place between these two simplistic poles.
This is a list of the universities that have graduated Fields medalists.
Don Zagier referred to the plaque as a "quantized Fields Medal".
See List of Fields Medal winners by university affiliation for complete affiliation.
Yet another lodger, Captain Lanz, appears to be in league with Montag.
The brief is never complete.
He sets out K.'s options and offers to help K. with either.
He reflects on how dreary life as a traveling salesman is.
He begins climbing the walls and ceiling for amusement.
He tries to get out of bed but is incapable of moving his body.
He was also one of the great portraitists of modern times.
The tapestries seem as comments on human types, fashion and fads.
They draw from dark and dramatic realms of fantasy nightmare.
This is the core conception of probability in the frequentist interpretation.
Propensity probability is an alternative physicalist approach.
He was also an atheist.
I have a deep nostalgia for the future.
West Flemish phonology differs significantly from the standard Dutch phonology.
Though this practice is dying, and the gender-independent article more often being used.
West Flemish often shows a duplicated subject.
"Our Lady of Darkness" won the World Fantasy Award-Novel.
The cause of his death was given as "organic brain disease".
The short parallel worlds story Catch That Zeppelin!
The Gentse Feesten are another very large yearly event.
However, during the last half century, many new political parties were founded in Flanders.
Flemish feeling of identity and consciousness grew through the events and experiences of war.
The Green Party was similarly under-represented.
The spoiler may have received incentives to run.
This ensures that the winner gains a majority of votes in the second round.
It can be considered the second stage of economic integration.
This may be done in advance.
French fries are prepared by first peeling and cutting the potato into even strips.
These sauces are generally also available in supermarkets.
It is a section of Norway's Bandy Association.
The length of the stick depends on the player's individual height.
Particularly with the technical development of the drag flick.
Faraday conjectured that ultimately, all forces unified into one.
Gravitation was the first interaction to be described mathematically.
The cover is usually a one-part sheet, double-folded with flaps glued or spot-welded together.
When floppy disks were often used, disks pre-formatted for popular computers were sold.
Hits with the entire blade or point are valid.
Chair fencing is similar to wheelchair fencing, but for the able bodied.
Also, their body cords are constructed differently as described above.
Initially studying engineering he soon changed to physics.
Bloch went on to become the first professor for theoretical physics at Stanford.
Often the contrapuntal writing is not strict, and the setting less formal.
This allows the music to run smoothly.
However, there are only two entries, and the entries occur in reverse order.
An individual usually has only one episode.
A psychological examination is also done.
Fugues are precipitated by a series of long-term traumatic episodes.
In such situations, idealized models can be utilized to gain physical insight.
There are two kinds of equilibrium: static equilibrium and dynamic equilibrium.
Litigants representative of all social and economic classes are parties within the system.
Poole's legendary temper and unwillingness to suffer fools gladly did not help matters.
The following is a list of common functional groups.
Carbocations are often named "-um".
In addition, the quotient difference becomes arbitrarily large as the summation index increases.
Approximate fractals found in nature display self-similarity over extended, but finite, scale ranges.
Gases do not have free surfaces, and freely diffuse.
There are many examples of substances proving difficult to classify.
It is best described as a viscoelastic fluid.
Plato's dialogues are even older.
Repeating the "right" answers becomes tedious, and went against developing netiquette.
The format was then picked up on other mailing lists and Usenet news groups.
Fibonacci numbers are used by some pseudorandom number generators.
A one-dimensional optimization method, called the Fibonacci search technique, uses Fibonacci numbers.
Fibonacci numbers arise in the analysis of the Fibonacci heap data structure.
This urban area is a satellite of Paris.
Later, it developed as an independent residential city.
Eventually, most fighters mounted cannons, sometimes in combination with machine guns.
Innovations including ejection seats, air brakes and all-moving tailplanes became widespread in this period.
This period also witnessed experimentation with jet-assisted piston engine aircraft.
Some algorithms in their default form may require total functions.
Other techniques include using an implication table, or the Moore reduction procedure.
Finite Markov-chain processes are also known as subshifts of finite type.
Impure functional languages usually include a more direct method of managing mutable state.
It is an assembly-style language for manipulating lists of symbols.
In fact, assignment statements are never referentially transparent.
Years containing a leap day are called leap years.
Years not containing a leap day are called common years.
February consisted of two parts, each with an odd number of days.
Key was a devout and prominent Episcopalian.
Key, in his final address to the jury said: A jury acquitted Crandall.
Senator George H. Pendleton and another, Ellen Lloyd, married Simon F. Blunt.
The length of a word is the number of letters it is composed of.
A compiler usually has two distinct components.
After the final episode, Friedman sat down for an interview with Lawrence Spivak.
This means overtaking is illegal here.
Alex Davison took first place in the final race and Cameron McConville came second.
Mansell crashed out five laps later, letting Prost back into the lead.
Like many European races, the Monaco Grand Prix predates the current World Championship.
This same lap is also the fastest-ever to date.
Now, the "degree" of a vertex is the number of edges abutting it.
The problem on the sphere or cylinder is equivalent to that on the plane.
Another early published reference by in turn credits the conjecture to De Morgan.
The introduction in the novel is written by Bradbury.
The characters Beatty and Faber point out the American population is to blame.
Many of the books were being taken off the shelves at that time.
He laboured there for the last months of that year.
Christian missionaries were later forced into exile, along with their assistants.
For a year and a half he preached the Gospel there.
Factors such as the chemistry of the environment may have been responsible for changes.
The remaining organism-shaped hole in the rock is called an "external mold".
Stromatolites were much more abundant in Precambrian times.
This privacy policy also governs how state agencies transmit testing data to federal agencies.
For example, see Education Data Network.
However, on standard application forms, students are given the option to waive this right.
This is sometimes thought to occur especially when memories are similar.
Staying active is important because overall it keeps the body healthy.
It is also important to consider the effectiveness of this theory.
Natalie Wood and Robert Hyatt played their children, Ann and Junior Morrison, respectively.
Wray's role would become the one with which she would be most associated.
Wray was never a Mormon herself.
He further hypothesized that the basal forgetting rate differs little between individuals.
There is considerable research in this area as it relates to eyewitness identification testimony.
It should be noted that eye witness accounts are demonstrably unreliable.
Care must be taken when building clock domain crossing circuitry to avoid metastability.
Today, new cost and performance dynamics have broadened the range of viable applications.
The selection of mode is programmed into the middle multiplexer.
Subjects are thus forced to live by their internal circadian "clocks".
Indo-European parallels have been proposed between myths of Fenrir and the Persian demon Ahriman.
An elaboration of this allusion is found only in a late Parsi commentary.
The gods made a second fetter, twice as strong, and named it Dromi.
The series affected Square's business on several levels.
This was the first "Final Fantasy" game to use a free rotating camera.
In creating character themes, Uematsu read the game's scenario to determine the characters' personality.
This treatment affords saturated fatty acids, as reflected in their iodine number.
The oxaloacetate is returned to the mitochondrion as malate.
It was written by Rafael Yglesias from his novel of the same name.
Max accepts the reality of his imminent death when suddenly he's resuscitated by Laura.
At the time of their engagement, Roosevelt was twenty-two and Eleanor nineteen.
Roosevelt also kept his promise to push for the repeal of Prohibition.
The delegates were stunned; then the loudspeaker screamed We want Roosevelt...
Such a peace would bring no security for us or for our neighbors.
The paintings were accompanied in the magazine by matching essays on the Four Freedoms.
That is no vision of a distant millennium.
Other higher-order logics allow quantification over even higher types than second-order logic permits.
A formula in first-order logic with no free variables is called a first-order sentence.
Decidable subsets of first-order logic are also studied in the framework of description logics.
A multifunctor is a generalization of the functor concept to "n" variables.
This is the group of homotopy classes of loops based at "x".
Functors sometimes appear in functional programming.
The name Hausdorff is found throughout mathematics.
The National Socialist party's state doctrine established Anti-Semitism and the seizure of power.
This is the Hausdorff maximal principle.
It means "great winter".
Then, there will be innumerable wars.
Before that climate change, the Nordic countries were considerably warmer.
Worldwide, only New York City and Hamburg are non-capital cities with more foreign representation.
Messe Frankfurt is one of the world's largest trade fairs.
A number of bus lines complete the Frankfurt public transport system.
Otherwise, his reign as king was largely uneventful.
He proved a firm adherent of the Prussian alliance.
The marriage was childless.
It included one of the first studies of binocular vision.
This book inspired the works of Desargues and Christiaan Huygens.
Aguilon's "Opticorum libri sex" successfully treated projections and the errors in perception.
This change required major changes in the routing algorithm.
However, this scalability is difficult to test without a very large network.
Both modes can be run simultaneously.
It is much more likely that the start of fortification was a fortunate accident.
Some vermouth is sweetened; however, unsweetened or dry, vermouth tends to be bitter.
Madeira is a fortified wine made in the Madeira Islands.
Hoyle was born near Bingley in Gilstead, West Riding of Yorkshire, England.
His father, Ben Hoyle, worked in the wool trade in Bradford.
Part of the motivation for this was simply to provide a means of support.
In French medieval cuisine, banquets were common among the aristocracy.
Fruits, nuts and root vegetables would be boiled in honey for preservation.
Dijon mustard is also a specialty of Burgundy cuisine.
In Hawaii, some restaurants place a shaker of the spice on each patron's table.
Five spice may be used with fatty meats such as pork, duck or goose.
It is used as a marinade for Vietnamese broiled chicken.
The group "G" is called the "universal covering group" of "H".
The fundamental group is the first and simplest homotopy group.
Wu and N. Berikashvili have also published proofs.
This allows a programmer to change the compiler's words for special purposes.
Other artist he protected were Giuseppe Nogari, Bernardo Bellotto, and Francesco Pavona.
Algarotti's ideas influenced both Gluck and his librettist Calzabigi, writing their Orfeo ed Euridice.
He began his career playing the role of the unsophisticated love-stricken young man.
This text recounts a prophetic dream by Nebuchadnezzar.
The failure of Venner's Rising led to repressive legislation to suppress non-conformist sects.
He also served as a federal judge in Pennsylvania.
This is bolstered by his original sketch that showed asterisks with six points.
He was appointed to Congress' Marine Committee in that year.
The mausoleum of Honorius was located on the Vatican Hill.
Whether this plan could have worked is perhaps debatable.
Alaric retreated to Verona, where Stilicho attacked him again.
There had to be some way to normalize the frequencies.
An interactive demonstration of this can be found here.
In classical music and vocal pedagogy, this phenomenon is also known as "squillo".
All entries should already have associated articles.
Film stock manufacturers began to diversify their products.
Typically the blue-sensitive layer is on top, followed by the green and red layers.
The stock had a frosted base to facilitate easier viewing by transmitted light.
There is a three-year limit to when individuals can claim a tax refund.
For most individuals, withholding is the main way through which taxes are paid.
If one has not done so, then a tax penalty may be assessed.
Douglass was disappointed that President Lincoln did not publicly endorse suffrage for black freedmen.
He later often said, knowledge is the pathway from slavery to freedom.
A turbulent flow can, however, be statistically stationary.
This idea can work fairly well when the Reynolds number is high.
There are a large number of other possible approximations to fluid dynamic problems.
Fish are the ancestors of all mammals, reptiles, birds and amphibians.
These were the seals.
The use of fins for the propulsion of aquatic animals can be remarkably effective.
When she declines he gets her consent by threatening her with destructive magic.
Freyja stirred, turning about, and then fell asleep again.
A player's first-class statistics include any performances in Test matches.
A peculiarity of the two-innings match is the follow-on law.
Inevitable differences have arisen and there are variations in published cricket statistics.
There he lived with the family of classmate, Elie David.
Some oils and fats have multiple double bonds and are therefore called polyunsaturated fats.
Fats are also sources of essential fatty acids, an important dietary requirement.
In a military conflict, then, when facing the front line, you face the enemy.
There is also a world ranking for women's football, updated four times a year.
As a result of the investigation both Bin Hammam and Warner were suspended.
Qatar has categorically denied the allegations, as have Hayatou and Anouma.
Should we say that she is Fascist?
Fascism promotes the establishment of a totalitarian state.
Fascists criticized egalitarianism as preserving the weak.
The slack tub also provides water to control the fire in the forge.
Often this involves adjusting and maintaining the shape of the fire.
There are various types of tongs available in market.
They are summarized in the famous hadith of Gabriel.
However, friction can do "positive" work in certain frames of reference.
Energy is transformed from other forms into thermal energy.
In everyday terms, the viscosity of a fluid is described as its "thickness".
In Christianity, faith causes change as it seeks a greater understanding of God.
Theologian Greg Boyd argues to the contrary, that faith includes doubt.
Faith itself is not a religious concept in Judaism.
About eight percent of Canada's forest is legally protected from resource development.
Forest plantations are generally intended for the production of timber and pulpwood.
Forests also serve as a source of lumber and as recreational areas.
This region is defined as a bioregion and is a popular tourist destination.
The regional architecture reflects these area traditions of the Federal and Greek Revival periods.
The next valley after that contains Cazenovia Lake.
There are many kite festivals throughout Japan.
During the Taliban rule in Afghanistan, kite flying was banned, among various other recreations.
Submarines lofted observers in rotary kites.
Some fanzines are typed and photocopied by amateurs using standard home office equipment.
These publications were produced first on small tabletop printing presses, often by students.
A proportion of his income from the game is donated to cancer research charities.
Both manuals have been printed in facsimile edition.
The primary component of the Christian militias was the Maronite Phalangists.
Fatah held its ground, surprising the Israeli military.
Arafat and Abu Jihad blamed themselves for not successfully organizing a rescue effort.
Raising awareness about the problem of hunger mobilizes energy to find a solution.
The web and partnerships are two pivotal and dynamic aspects of EndingHunger.
He supported anti-colonialist struggles as well as the Italian Autonomists.
However, this dogma was never accepted in the East.
The Father hypostasis of the Nicene Creed is the origin of all.
Surprisingly, efforts of the pope had no effect.
Some of these included the use of key escrow systems.
Some of the codes maintain the previous numerical system, particularly for states.
Figuratively, "fiqh" means: knowledge about Islamic legal rulings from their sources.
When they saw injustice, all these scholars spoke out against it.
"Fiqh" deals with the observance of rituals, morals and social legislation in Islam.
James F. Loughlin, there is an alternate Roman Catholic interpretation.
Some scholars believe that this request provided motivation for canon lists.
Delegates came from every region of the Roman Empire, including Britain.
Video clips are also available on Foxnews dot com and Foxbusiness dot com.
City officials threatened to take action affecting Time Warner's cable franchises in the city.
Regular discussion programs include "Business Hour", "News With a View" and "God Talk".
While the game is turn based, human players move simultaneously.
The game grew in popularity.
Longturn and Greatturn are strongly focused on online communication.
Its name is Latin for furnace.
Upsilon, too, was later found to be two stars and designated as such.
Six star systems have been found to have exoplanets.
His soft lead drawings are particularly distinctive.
The site, like many in cramped Rome, is challenged for external perspectives.
The altar wall was substantially reworked at a later date.
Tribal courts can impose sentences of up to three years, under certain restrictions.
Doctor Martin Luther King, Junior who is addressed in more detail below.
An executive assistant director manages each branch.
Except for a handful of cases, Gould numbers are not in common use.
Similarly, Flamsteed-like designations assigned by other astronomers are no longer in general use.
The wing was moved higher on the fuselage to increase ordnance flexibility.
The aircraft received under military aid were handed off to Greece and Turkey.
Ethiopian officers contracted a number of Israelis to maintain American equipment.
The mold aspergillus versicolor can grow after flooding, to consume nutrients from frescoes.
Venetians have become quite adept in the conservation methods of frescoes.
The Sigiriya Frescoes are found in Sigiriya in Sri Lanka.
For humans, they make dense, impassable forests traversable.
Much of the radiation is emitted in the visible and infrared bands.
Botvinnik won, thus becoming world champion, ending the "interregnum".
Unexpectedly high legal costs were third on the list, just ahead of presidential travel.
The situation was confused, with many respected players and commentators offering different solutions.
The light is split into s and p polarizations as defined above.
They also describe the phase shift of the reflected light.
This phenomenon is known as total internal reflection.
Eating disorders are reportedly common in figure skating.
Dance lifts are separated into "short lifts" and "long lifts".
A death spiral is a required element of pair skating.
Editor Scott Haring stated that "Fudge" is an extremely flexible, rules-light system.
Why isn't it more popular?
Finance can also be defined as the science of money management.
The bank then lends these deposits to borrowers.
Personal finance may also involve paying for a loan, or debt obligations.
The lead designer was Joe Dever.
It is also widely believed that the characters are carricatures of real persons.
It had an optimizing compiler that was quite good for minicomputers of its time.
Standards have improved portability.
Next, the secondary sector stands out, with the industrial complexes.
Average temperatures are not much different throughout the year.
According to her study, the concept of freedom was historically inseparable from political action.
Anarcho-socialists see negative and positive liberty as complementary concepts of freedom.
The word "foo" on its own was used earlier.
Another feature of the system was a digital clock on the dispatch board.
Also, the notion of derivative can be extended to arbitrary functions between Banach spaces.
In particular, many Banach spaces lack a notion analogous to an orthonormal basis.
In contrast, linear algebra deals mostly with finite-dimensional spaces, and does not use topology.
Another collaboration with Riddle resulted in the development of Songs for Swingin' Lovers!
If it were a mellow love song, he would ask for Gordon Jenkins.
He donated a lot of his earnings to charity.
The ritual ceremony is different depending on their religion.
After the ritual ceremony family members will start to greet guests.
Following the mass is the burial.
Changes in dress and acceptable physical activity have often been part of feminist movements.
Differences were particularly marked between feminists on either side of the Atlantic.
Other feminists criticize separatist feminism as sexist.
This expanded role eventually became permanent after the war.
The bill died in a Senate committee that year.
The dual role of encouraging aerospace travel and regulating aerospace travel are contradictory.
The French Republic continued this Roman symbol to represent state power, justice, and unity.
The values and institutions of the Revolution dominate French politics to this day.
Francis Fukuyama was born in the Hyde Park neighborhood of Chicago.
There, he studied with Samuel P. Huntington and Harvey Mansfield, among others.
A latent military force is more likely to have an effect than actual deployment.
Historian Lois Bragg concludes that these alphabets were only a bookish game.
He described codes for both English and Latin.
The speed and clarity of fingerspelling also varies between different signing communities.
Charles and his single friends wonder whether they will ever get married.
As Charles watches Carrie and Hamish dance, Fiona deduces his feelings about Carrie.
The film had its detractors.
Ferrari road cars are generally seen as a symbol of speed, luxury and wealth.
The new company ostensibly produced machine tools and aircraft accessories.
Ferrari has had a long-standing relationship with Shell Oil.
In the United States, total membership is just under two million.
The fifteenth century also sees the first evidence of ceremonial regalia.
No one voice has ever spoken for the whole of Freemasonry.
The cheerleaders were known as the Cravenettes.
Fulham Football Club is owned by Shahid Khan.
Possibly the single most influential character in Fulham's history is Johnny Haynes.
This line-up secured a number of small local gigs before disbanding.
Johnson challenged the use of the name and the deal soured.
However, a reunion performance did not transpire.
As mentioned, recent authors have added to the classical list.
One possible neoclassical analogue of design intelligence is technological progress.
Energy- The physical but non-material inputs of production.
Fort Wayne's "urban working class" thrived in industrial and railroad-related jobs.
This natural crossroads attracted the Native Americans for thousands of years.
Three battles were fought at Kekionga against Little Turtle and the Miami Confederacy.
"Fart" can be used as a noun or a verb.
Cognates are found in Old Norse, Slavic and also Greek and Sanskrit.
This was associated with the phrase "blowing a raspberry".
The first six rounds are qualifiers, with the draws organised on a regional basis.
It later moved with the museum to its new location in Manchester.
An English Treble has never been achieved.
That deep right-center point is conventionally given as the center field distance.
There are eleven retired numbers above the right field grandstand.
Discussion took place for several years regarding the new stadium proposal.
Other authors reported that activated charcoal was effective.
Nitrogen is not produced in the gut, but a component of environmental air.
When reporting the story, the media satirised Chaponda's statement with punning headlines.
By comparison, "Final Fantasy" video games are set in fictional worlds.
Hand and facial movements were all done manually.
When Aki awakens, she and Gray combine it with the other seven.
There are more differences in practice and polity.
The "Light and Life Magazine" is their official publication.
Out of his own conviction he wrote "Ordaining Women: Biblical and Historical Insights".
Hal's chief friend and foil in living the low life is Sir John Falstaff.
After Hal leaves Hotspur's body on the field, Falstaff revives in a mock miracle.
He is the engine of the play, but usually in the background.
Men and women play indoors with sticks and a plastic ball with holes.
Qualification can be made via a number of processes.
In addition to this, there is also an electric wheelchair variation.
Welsh clubs that compete in the English football league system can also qualify.
Previously only the top two teams qualified automatically.
Most games are played on Saturday and Sunday afternoons; others during weekday evenings.
As a Christian democratic party, Fine Gael was historically anti-abortion.
Frank Cochrane voiced Fu Manchu.
The film bore little resemblance to any prior film or the original books.
In film, she has been portrayed by numerous actresses over the years.
The King's Commissioner of Friesland is Arno Brok.
Friesland is mainly an agricultural province.
These languages are also closely related to Modern English.
In James Tiptree Jr.'s short story Houston, Houston, Do You Read?
She concludes here article along these lines.
This idea is a continuation of the argument presented by Andre Norton.
The Moche culture of ancient Peru worshipped daily life including sexual acts.
America today is a second Israel.
The usurper could not do this without the support of America.
This went on for the five weeks that "Relax" was at number one.
Mix", "Move" and an instrumental version of "Move".
Morley intentionally courted scandal with the promotion of "Relax".
The song was later included on the album "Welcome to the Pleasuredome".
It's the most obvious demonstration of two tribes that we have today.
The various mixes were subtitled in terms of the expected aftermath of nuclear conflict.
"Welcome to the Pleasuredome" was not given such a release.
The audio soundtrack of the video was included as part of the cassette single.
The instrumental "Into Battle Mix" appears on the soundtrack to the film "Toys.
The b-sides to "Rage Hard" were, for the most part, straight forward cover songs.
This was complemented by sampled burps and belches over a backing track.
Instead, the first verse and second verse are jointed together.
The actual pronunciation, however, often differs from the written rendering.
Alternatively, three quarks can exist together, one quark being "red", another "blue", another "green".
These four gauge bosons form the electroweak interaction among elementary particles.
The spin of bosons are integers instead of half integers.
Until a naming-rights deal is reached, the park will be known as Marlins Park.
The new park's name is a temporary one until naming rights are purchased.
He shares the play-by-play duties with Glenn Geffner.
The series follows the fortunes of a fictional current affairs show, "Frontline".
Also, multiple episodes of "Frontline" featured "Media Watch" segments criticising the show.
Noel Pearson appears as an interviewee later in the same episode.
Bastiat was also a strong supporter of free trade.
His father, Pierre Bastiat, was a prominent businessman in the town.
It was the same firm where his father had been a partner.
Popper invented the notion of metaphysical research programs to name such unfalsifiable ideas.
They were often used to ward off Maria Theresa's Pandurs.
They had however been killed in the cross-fire.
However, when he left the south, he had achieved nothing.
Only his close family were permitted to attend, leaving for Cuba immediately after.
Some nutritionists state that children should not follow a fruitarian diet.
There are many varieties of the diet.
Another common motivation is the desire to eliminate perceived toxicity within the body.
The post-coup Soviet government then attempted to develop political relations with the Afghan resistance.
The German-Afghan relationship is long and has been mostly cordial.
Relations between the two countries are friendly.
Other crimes were called "misdemeanors".
A common term of parole is to avoid associating with other felons.
For state law convictions, expungement is determined by the law of the state.
These are usually undertaken to fulfill the demands of the work or activity undertaken.
Also see medical emergency.
The vassal's principal obligation to the lord was to "aid", or military service.
Such an oath follows homage.
Twelve species belong to the monophyletic group of "Vulpes" genus of "true foxes".
The testes of red foxes are smaller than those of Arctic foxes.
However, there are slight variations in their depictions in folklore.
Plato's theory of Forms is the earliest foundationalism.
Descartes attempted to establish the secure foundations for knowledge to avoid scepticism.
Felids tend to have lithe and flexible bodies with muscular limbs.
The various species of felids vary greatly in size.
The machairodonts included the saber-toothed cats such as the "Smilodon".
Walking under a ladder is just one of many symbols considered unlucky.
There is active communication between the audience and the performer.
These terms are not contradictory or even mutually exclusive.
Regional fusion combines different cuisines of a region or sub-region.
This particular dish is a fusion of Italian and Mexican cuisines.
This type of restaurant's success depends on a number of factors.
The fluent calculus is a variant of the situation calculus.
The following solutions depict how the frame problem is solved in various formalisms.
This can be achieved either by circumscription or by predicate completion.
Although his parents were poor, they managed to send him to school in Tampere.
His alcoholism and other ailments needed hospital treatment.
The series is set in England just before, during, and after World War One.
The Parochial House is McCormack's at Glenquin, on the Boston road from Kilnaboy.
This is a parody of sitcoms.
Mathews created the Father Ted character for his short-lived stand-up routine.
The hop is sourced from the only two farms in Australia that grow it.
It has since been withdrawn from the market.
The Yatala Brewery is the largest in the Southern Hemisphere.
In India the show is broadcast by Comedy Central India on various times.
Kathy and Chandler later kiss, which causes drama between Chandler and Joey.
For the first season, each episode is updated with color correction and sound enhancement.
His death was confirmed by multiple sources in Iraq, including the United States government.
He sought further promotion and wealth by supporting King James and his arbitrary policies.
Bacon disinherited her upon discovering her secret romantic relationship with Sir John Underhill.
His Ganimeds and Favourites tooke Bribes.
Compare second-order predicate and higher-order predicate.
The offense must also be mindful of the play clock.
The snap count allows offensive players to have a small head start.
Unfortunately for the offense, this advantage can sometimes become a disadvantage.
Peter Alfke was later a Director at Xilinx.
In both cases, the read and write addresses end up being equal.
In British English, the term for this barrier is bulkhead.
Firewalls are used in varied applications that require specific design and performance specifications.
Performance based design takes into account the potential conditions during a fire.
It seemed young to me to demand the oath from.
The children of Frigg and Odin include the gleaming god Baldr.
Frigg is referenced in art and literature into the modern period.
Daimler Benz provided the operating costs in return for the research rights.
His engine design was first licensed by Curtiss-Wright in New Jersey, United States.
The Heidelberg Fire Department showcases his last workshop.
They do not represent political parties but rather political groupings within each body.
As well serve essentially as executives of their parties within the Senate.
The term can apply to a large set of software products.
Being further from the machine implies being closer to domain.
Even with its limitations, this approach supported highly sophisticated applications.
Capra and Langdon later had a falling out, and Capra was fired.
Capra stood against government intervention during the national economic crisis.
Animated charts were created by Walt Disney and his animators.
The next two World Cups were both held in Europe.
Rimet eventually persuaded teams from Belgium, France, Romania, and Yugoslavia to make the trip.
For these companies and many more, being a sponsor strongly impacts their global brands.
He realized what would happen when Minucius was defeated in battle by Hannibal.
Soon the Roman troops were being slaughtered.
Fabius' political career began in the years following that war.
The difference is the discretization error and is limited by the machine epsilon.
This standard is followed by almost all modern machines.
It is called the "hidden" or "implicit" bit.
The personal and even embarrassing texts about immorality in the church increase consensus.
However, two passages may have been inserted at a later stage.
The following features describe the class of orthodox file managers.
Examples are available on almost any platform, with both command-line and graphical interfaces.
Panels are resizable and can be hidden.
Common image viewer features include thumbnail preview and creation, and image zooming.
And the same consideration of different file formats is present.
Viewers for such formats are named players.
The letter is addressed to various churches in Asia Minor suffering religious persecution.
It spread through the west and later appeared in the Apostles' Creed.
Domitian's aggressive claim to divinity would have been rejected and resisted by Christians.
There are at least two principal arguments for this view.
So too are the other requirements of "Style" and "Memory".
This is sometimes used as evidence to counter the King-James-Only Movement.
Preliminary sessions dealt with general administrative matters and committee assignments.
However, in the meanwhile the Franco-Prussian War broke out.
It was never reconvened.
He then set about naming Burdinus, the archbishop of Braga, as his own pope.
Laymen are absolutely forbidden to remove offerings from the altars of Roman churches.
Later on, "liberating insight" came to be regarded as equally liberating.
Norman, this is just one of several possible translations.
The date appears prominently on the entrance to the school.
Dyson never got his PhD degree.
This was first propounded by the Russian Alexander Oparin.
To me, good works are more important than theology.
Effective application of the decrees varied according to local conditions and customs.
Later, the diocese of Bamberg was added.
Another important "Plateosaurus" find in Franconia was made at Ellingen.
FileMan was designed to support the complex information storage and processing needs of hospitals.
This approach does not fit the traditional Relational Data Model.
The next day, Joel Pollak writing in Breitbart, summarized and expanded on Levin's argument.
"I think it's a stretch" of previous federal legal interpretations, said Eckenwiler.
It's the initials for the British intelligence spying agency.
Ruud van Nistelrooy started his professional career at this club.
The figures were speculative but consistent with later surveys.
I just wept, and called out to my mother for help.
Studies on sexual function have also been small.
Sometimes a secondary binder is necessary to hold the mixture.
These binders are generally needed when preparing the country-style and "gratin" forcemeats.
The three types of binders include eggs, nonfat dry milk powder, and panades.
Willebrord defiled the spring by baptizing people in it and killing a cow there.
It is plausible that "Fosite" is the older name and "Forseti" a folk etymology.
He taught them laws and then disappeared.
He was also the subject of the hit Broadway musical Fiorello!
In the Spanish civil war, the anarchists used the red-and-black bisected flag.
Regimental flags for individual units became commonplace during the Early Modern period.
Railway signals are a development of railway flags.
Was it, like, collect twelve crisp packets and become a priest?
He had to be otherworldly and very, very strange.
References to Dougal's family are rare.
After this, Flores became part of the territory of Dutch East Indies.
To the southeast is Timor.
After the war Flores became part of independent Indonesia.
In the aftermath of the war, Carthage had insufficient state funds.
Sieges and land blockades were the most common large-scale operations for the regular army.
Another possibility is that Rome received technical assistance from its seafaring Sicilian ally, Syracuse.
His goal is to pass each bill for its face value in common transactions.
One big merchandising arena is publishing.
The difference becomes illicit profit.
Octavio Paz called him the innocent poet.
"Pessoa" shares many essential affinities with his peers, Caeiro and Campos in particular.
Pessoa was born in Lisbon.
Its maximum illumination occurs at the moment waxing has stopped.
A continuing lunisolar calendar is in the Hebrew calendar.
All this is relevant to canine rather than human behavior.
A blank space means that manufacturer did not make film in that size.
The primary characteristic of a film format is its size and shape.
The following sortable table shows the corresponding numbers.
Therefore, this does not imply the possibility of superluminal information transmission.
However, the vacuum we know is not the only possible vacuum which can exist.
General relativity was developed after special relativity to include concepts like gravity.
Affectionately nicknamed "The Snooze", it is published weekly.
Echomail was so popular that for many users, Echomail "was" the FidoNet.
In real-world use, points are fairly difficult to set up.
The related Ancient Roman word "Patria" led to similar forms in modern Romance languages.
Specifically, the colors are "White", "Old Glory Red", and "Old Glory Blue".
These scripts range from historical timelines of the flag to religious themes.
However, the legitimacy of the result of this election was disputed.
The president and vice president are supported by an appointed cabinet.
He saw the importance of trade and promoted it vigorously.
Out of these unpromising beginnings Frederick William managed to rebuild his war-ravaged territories.
He was an advocate of mercantilism, monopolies, subsidies, tariffs, and internal improvements.
Single horns use a single set of tubes connected to the valves.
The Vienna horn is a special horn used primarily in Vienna, Austria.
There was a very good reason for this.
Both panels are now restored and exhibited in the San Marco Museum in Florence.
None of these splendours have any place in the work which Michelangelo created.
He remained friends with Raphael, and each influenced the other.
Soon thereafter, Raphael visited Florence and befriended the friar.
The following year he entered the convent of San Marco.
Ford Madox Brown was married twice.
His daughters Lucy and Catherine were also competent artists.
His entry, "The Body of Harold Brought before William", was not successful.
They were, however, aware of her work, more aware than she herself realized.
They consulted Jerry Donohue who confirmed the most likely structures of the nucleotide bases.
Griffith's best guess was that A:T and G:C were attractive pairs.
He was born in Brussels, the son of Cornelis van Aarsens, also a statesman.
The rank "frigate captain" derives from the name of this type of ship.
For officers in the Royal Navy, a frigate was a desirable posting.
Frigates were perhaps the hardest-worked of warship types during the Age of Sail.
At the same time, Franco appropriated many of the privileges of a king.
Meanwhile, a conspiracy led by Emilio Mola was taking shape.
Franco initially pursued a policy of autarky, cutting off almost all international trade.
As a consequence, the field of organic chemistry developed explosively from this point.
His left foot had become gangrenous, and was amputated.
Her dowry would help Frederick alleviate his debts and cement his power.
Naked sun bathing and swimming are the norm almost on all beaches.
The origin of this game is unclear.
The ancient name for the island, Erbania, is derived from this wall's name.
Patterson House are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Madison-Grant United School Corporation operates public schools.
This can allow for a more spontaneous and individualized poetic art product.
Free verse displays some elements of form.
Many poets of the Victorian era experimented with free verse.
He declined, citing protests at the university.
This emphasis on reconciliation was his biggest legacy.
His condition deteriorated sharply, and he underwent a second operation after developing respiratory problems.
The United States does not formally define a "survey yard".
This variation is too small to have many practical consequences.
City blocks in the Hoddle Grid of Melbourne are also one furlong in length.
Overtones are numbered as they appear "above" the fundamental.
The fundamental frequency is considered the "first harmonic" and the "first partial.
The fundamental is the frequency at which the entire wave vibrates.
Usage has not always been so clearly distinguished.
The Indian fable adhered to the universally known traditions of the fable.
The result has been an extraordinary work rich in regional nuances.
These two muscles are the strongest pronators and aid in plantar flexion.
An overpronator does not absorb shock efficiently.
Together, their tendons pass behind the lateral malleolus.
Fallout shelters are not always underground.
The film shows their reaction to contemporary society.
The flaps open in one direction and close in the other, pumping air.
Isokelekel and his descendants initially occupied the stone city, but later abandoned it.
Sugar cane, mining, fishing and tropical agriculture became the major industries.
The basic relationship of free association continues indefinitely.
Each has its own constitution, elected legislature, and governor.
The president appoints judges with the advice and consent of the Congress.
The federal capital is Palikir, on Pohnpei island.
Geologically, there are volcanic rock outcroppings on the islands of Pohnpei, Kosrae, and Truk.
Tropical typhoons are an annual threat, from June to December.
English has become the common language.
The islands have few mineral deposits worth exploiting, except for high-grade phosphate.
The fishing industry is highly important.
The Compact's financial terms are being renegotiated for an extension period.
In some edits, one may see content relating to several different fandoms.
These give fans greater access to public figures such as creators, authors, and actors.
Fans in communities online often make gifs or gif sets about their fandoms.
Summers range from mild to hot, with low humidity and occasional afternoon thunderstorms.
Many local industrial sites have rail freight spur service.
These parks often host events such as marathons, community activities and holiday celebrations.
When Drake finally reached its deck, his men were alarmed at his bedraggled appearance.
Following his death, the English fleet withdrew.
When they got to the coast, the boats were gone.
Again, no tight lower bound has been proven.
More generally there are various other methods of spectral estimation.
It is also known for its nearby downhill mountain bike track.
The settlement that grew around it was called Maryburgh, after his wife.
These proposals have led to nothing.
Some older word usages still appear in Quebec French.
These capital controls are locally referred to as "exchange controls".
At the same time, the government enacted the exchange controls.
Investments in South Africa by foreigners could only be sold for financial rand.
Non-sovereign entities are in italics.
The two automated lighthouses are protected as listed buildings.
Routine medical care is provided by a community nurse.
A road network connects the populated areas of the island, along its full length.
Other villains only appeared in single episodes.
Anderson liked Parsons' interpretation and offered him the job of providing Tex's speaking voice.
Being shiny, the wires had to be blackened.
All benefits of digital fly-by-wire are retained.
Both have limited ability to compensate for changing aerodynamic conditions.
Fly-by-wire control systems allow aircraft computers to perform tasks without pilot input.
Only five Argentines were left unscathed.
After a night of fierce fighting, all objectives were secured.
The order was ignored.
However, this is a compatibility character encoded for roundtrip compatibility with legacy encodings.
Virtually all Canadian ovens make legal use of the Fahrenheit scale.
Scientists, such as meteorologists, use Celsius or Kelvin in all countries.
Rainfall in summer is convectional, while relief rainfall dominates in the winter.
The Strozzi Palace is the site of special exhibits.
His style of writing has since become known as "Petrarchism".
This is a special case of the extension problem.
Its kernel is "N".
Once again nZ is normal in Z because Z is abelian.
The homomorphism theorem is used to prove the isomorphism theorems.
Similar theorems are valid for monoids, vector spaces, modules, and rings.
The Standard Model recognizes two types of elementary fermions: quarks and leptons.
Fermions differ from bosons, which obey Bose-Einstein statistics.
Fermions can exhibit bosonic behavior when they become loosely bound in pairs.
Savage grew up in Glencoe, Illinois, before moving out to California.
Producer Nick Stoller approached Savage about playing the role of Stewart on "The Grinder".
He was raised Reform Jewish.
The fans following Moskowitz reorganized into the Queens Science Fiction Club.
Along with Pohl, the four started calling themselves the "Quadrumvirate".
There were several club names during that period, before finally settling on the Futurians.
In this book the stages of mankind are enumerated.
Currently the organization allows several classes of membership.
This loss was described as "historic" in its proportions, and "unthinkable".
But I am confident we will succeed.
It will not be easy.
He made his daughter Miyako a concubine of Emperor Monmu.
Apparently they never aspired to supplant the imperial dynasty.
On the other hand, Belgian federalism is federated with three components.
There is also one autonomous region, the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao.
Brazil also uses the Fonseca system to regulate interstate trade.
Abauzit at an early age acquired great proficiency in languages, physics, and theology.
Abauzit was a man of great learning and of wonderful versatility.
Among his acquaintances, Abauzit claimed Rousseau, Voltaire, Newton, and Bayle.
This is a way to strengthen them enough to work as a team.
Others, like much of the expeditionary force, died from tropical diseases.
Positive feedback occurs when the fed-back signal is in phase with the input signal.
Hydraulic servos were later used to position guns.
It is sometimes used to eliminate noise from a digital signal.
This usage is called in Japanese, since "furigana implies the use of kana".
This is called in Japanese.
The furigana version is used for pronunciation.
The censor replied, Oh, nothing at all.
Nonetheless, Francis greatly admired his uncle, if rather feared him.
Joseph's martinet method of improving the young Francis were "fear and unpleasantness".
The baronetcy became extinct on his death.
Fluorescent colors are frequently used in signage, particularly road signs.
Their wings contain pigment-infused crystals that provide directed fluorescent light.
For many fluorophores the absorption spectrum is a mirror image of the emission spectrum.
Allowing negative exponents provides a canonical form for positive rational numbers.
Modern flamenco is a highly technical dance style requiring years of study.
Some forms are danced while others are not.
Forms that do not fit either category are classed as "cante intermedio".
Modern dictionaries consider the terms Father Christmas and Santa Claus to be synonymous.
One aspect of federal jurisdiction is the extent of legislative power.
If the non-governmental party loses, the constitutional issue may form part of the appeal.
The correct and original term is proprietorial interest only.
As the amount of frequency modulation increases, the sound grows progressively more complex.
Formants can even be found in the harmonic spectrum of several brass instruments.
He was born into a large family in Germany.
His eldest daughter, Marie, married Georg Adolf Erman, member of the scholar family Erman.
Bessel had two sons and three daughters.
This assumes the mediocrity principle, by which the Earth is a typical planet.
A species might undertake such extermination out of expansionist motives, paranoia, or aggression.
Cosmologist Alan Guth proposed a multi-verse solution to the Fermi paradox.
Scholars identify several politically active Hindu movements as part of the Hindu fundamentalist family.
Furthermore, human beings are the ones who transmit this understanding between generations.
Viktoria leaves and Agnes' family eats the food made for the party.
Johan tries to help her and ends up professing his love to her.
Researchers practicing non disclosure are generally not concerned with improving security or protecting networks.
Non disclosure is generally favoured by commercial exploit vendors and blackhat hackers.
There are some fundamental problems with coordinated disclosure that full disclosure can resolve.
She has three doctorate degrees.
May you conduct your life after attaining the knowledge of the Vedas.
Others are polytheists, and worship a number of goddesses.
A few guides to fictional places have also been published.
For instance, the license may be "free for private, non-commercial use".
While commercial products may require registration to ensure licensed use, free registerware do not.
Freeware cannot economically rely on commercial promotion.
Others described it as spherical.
Since then, these have generally been respected.
In the world-encircling ocean sat a snake called Jormungandr.
There also exist several romanization systems for Persian.
New Persian developed from the eighth century on as an independent literary language.
Later she became a servant to a French milliner.
Her early nickname, Nosegay Fan, came from her time as a flower girl.
It is called the Frobenius automorphism, after Ferdinand Georg Frobenius.
There are efficient algorithms for testing polynomial irreducibility and factoring polynomials over finite field.
There is a great deal of standardization required.
The experiment proved to be a failure.
Perhaps the father of modern franchising, though, is Louis Kroh Liggett.
A tree diagram is a connected forest diagram.
The remaining integral is over the gauge fixed action.
Consequently, definitions of food writing when applied to historical works are retrospective.
As a term, "food writing" is a relatively new descriptor.
Food, not sex, is our most frequently indulged pleasure.
First, that each section of road be designed to receive greater capacity of traffic.
And fourth, consequent traffic control for predetermined maximum and minimum speeds.
He was the brother of Alessandro, whom he often fought alongside.
Sforza suffered from hydropsy and gout.
Despite these moves, the wary Filippo Maria never ceased to be distrustful of Sforza.
Ritual dances are usually called "Religious dances" because of their purpose.
In this sense, nearly all folk dances are ethnic ones.
Country dance overlaps with contemporary folk dance and ballroom dance.
His philosophy, particularly in "Demons", was deemed anti-capitalist but also anti-Communist and reactionary.
The family later moved to the apartment where Dostoyevsky had written his first works.
He described her as educated, interested in literature, and a femme fatale.
I cannot heal anyone - God does that.
A. Allen were faith healers who traveled with large tents for large open-air crusades.
Be cured from your illness.
Lang's parents were of Moravian descent and practicing Roman Catholics.
Lang frequently had Catholic-influenced themes in his films.
Late in life, he described himself as "born Catholic".
There were several reasons that not many medical trials were done with children.
The serum was originally collected from a horse named Jim, who had contracted tetanus.
Dozens of drugs were eventually suspended or recalled by manufacturers.
A Galois extension is a field extension that is both normal and separable.
In particular then, the characteristics of "L" and "K" are the same.
This field of rational functions is an extension field of "K".
It uses the concept of a boundary condition.
The classic recursive flood fill algorithm was available on this system as well.
This loop must be eliminated.
Saint Francis is considered the first Italian poet by literary critics.
Suddenly he saw a vision of a seraph, a six-winged angel on a cross.
He referred to his chronic illnesses as his "sisters".
The Turkish pilot died, while the co-pilot ejected and was rescued by Greek forces.
The vortex lift effect is increased by leading edge extensions, known as strakes.
Apollinaris of Laodicea, another pro-Nicene theologian, proved controversial.
Jerusalem, as the site of the first Church, retained its place of honor.
In any case, the Pope had already accepted the reinstatement of Photius as Patriarch.
The patriarchal throne was filled with Photius, a renowned scholar and kinsman of Bardas.
Photius was deposed and barred from the patriarchal office, while Ignatius was reinstated.
Keynes asked his friend Piero Sraffa to respond.
The only one was Chile under Allende.
Hayek later sent him a Russian translation of "The Road to Serfdom".
He has also written for "The American Conservative" and LewRockwell dot com.
Reed writes weekly columns for the website "Fred on Everything".
Reed's output includes attacks on feminism, George W. Bush, Israel and evolution.
During this time he coined the term computer architecture.
That change propagated everywhere.
Brooks is an evangelical Christian who is active with InterVarsity Christian Fellowship.
Accordingly, factoids may give rise to, or arise from, common misconceptions and urban legends.
This instructs the chord-playing instrumentalist not to play any improvised chords for a period.
Otherwise, if a number is shown, the accidental affects the said interval.
Viadana's continuo, however, did not include figures.
However, there are drawbacks to this tactic, too.
Indigenous and peasant modes of adornment are an example of anti-fashion.
What a person chooses to wear can reflect his or her or interests.
One function is transformed into another, and the operation is reversible.
Fourier transforms are not limited to functions of time, and temporal frequencies.
The decomposition process itself is called a Fourier transformation.
A new plant was established at the Iowa Army Ordnance Plant.
The gun-type and implosion-type designs were codenamed "Thin Man" and "Fat Man" respectively.
Richard C. Tolman suggested an implosion-type nuclear weapon, but the idea attracted scant consideration.
It is the federal Government's primary litigation tool in combating fraud against the Government.
"Qui tam" laws have history dating back to the Middle Ages in England.
Technically, the government has several options in handing cases.
Ventura departed after being further mutated by Doctor Doom.
Shortly afterward, he was offered the job of writing "Fantastic Four".
This caused Englehart to take his name entirely off the book.
They can also be added to the slurry before filtration.
This production has taken on the glint of crystalline sharpness.
Several show-stopping routines are provided by choreographer Warren Carlyle.
Most songs were therefore heavily abridged and several were left entirely unrecorded.
The formal relations between linguistic elements are assumed to be functionally-motivated.
There are several distinct grammatical frameworks that employ a functional approach.
Functional grammar makes much use of corpus linguistics and linguistic typology to provide material.
Theory of all voltammetric methods is based on solutions of Fick's equation.
Note that the density is outside the gradient operator.
The Chapman-Enskog formulae for diffusion in gases include exactly the same terms.
South Asia is sometimes also included for economic and cultural reasons.
He is intimidated by his wife Sybil Fawlty.
Brahms' Third Racket!
At first the series was not held in particularly high esteem.
For example, in German "Handy" refers to a mobile phone.
The two "false friends" may actually be related, having the same origin.
"Bra" has the same meaning in Norwegian as in Swedish.
Thus, there is no need to ascribe the similarities to common ancestry.
Fundamental analysis is one of the most time consuming forms of analysis.
Reference - Fundamental Analysis Software for more information on fundamental analysis software.
Its validity depends on the length of time analysts believe the growth will continue.
Two corridors off the living area ostensibly led to the apartment's three bedrooms.
Upon reading the script, Mahoney accepted.
The episode introduced the brothers' father, Doctor Robert Terwilliger, who was portrayed by Mahoney.
Because of the disparate authors, the rules systems were mutually incompatible.
Bizar continues to publish in Arizona as a sole proprietorship called Fantasy Games Unlimited.
It promised new products "coming soon".
For example, say that one needs to make a stereo system.
That is, all other influences act "through" them.
As to "why" the decomposition is valuable, the reason is twofold.
Moreover, Boas encouraged his students, by example, to criticize themselves as much as others.
The visitors were not there to be educated.
Boas was known for passionately defending what he believed to be right.
He also became a member of the Royal Prussian Academy the following year.
He works to overcome his own meekness, rather than to compete with other Marines.
In this case, she did not complete such a documentary.
Kubrick's daughter, Vivian Kubrick, under the alias "Abigail Mead", wrote the film's score.
Flirting varies a great deal from culture to culture.
Flirting can indicate an interest in a deeper personal relationship with another person.
The origin of the word "flirt" is obscure.
He won his fourth Emmy Award for his work on the series, "The Defenders".
They were followed by the critical and commercial hit "Planet of the Apes".
The couple had two children, Jennie and Kate.
Erroneous etymologies can exist for many reasons.
Some are reasonable interpretations of the evidence that happen to be false.
The three largest genera, "Carpodacus", "Carduelis" and "Serinus" were found to be polyphyletic.
Each was split into monophyletic genera.
Facilitated diffusion is different from free diffusion in several ways.
Hence, no nonpolar molecules are transported by proteins in the form of transmembrane channels.
Non-polar molecules, such as retinol or lipids, are poorly soluble in water.
All external stations for munitions remain available with the tanks in use.
Ailerons and a simple high-lift flap are located on the trailing edge.
Following a downselect, four companies were asked to provide further developments.
There is also an air-to-air refueling probe, which folds into the starboard nose.
The canopy is spacious, and fitted with four mirrors to effectively provide all-round visibility.
The aircraft's large nose contains a two-person crew and several bulky avionics systems.
It is air refuelable and features a V-tail.
The Nighthawk's pilots called themselves "Bandits".
Although both aircraft were lost during the demonstration program, test data proved positive.
The Corsair design team was headed up by Rex Beisel.
The performance of the Corsair was superior to most of its contemporaries.
The fiasco was referred to as the "Saint Valentine's Day Massacre".
Heineken married Lucille Cummins, an American from a Kentucky family of bourbon whiskey distillers.
Shortly before his death he broke his arm in a fall.
Heineken was buried at the General Cemetery in Noordwijk.
Costs, not unlike the senior series, were getting out of control.
This was converted into a sports car, however.
The series was not without controversy.
This may appear as lack of concentration, confusion and anterograde amnesia.
Partial, but incomplete tolerance develops to these impairments.
It is the fluorinated "N"-methyl derivative of nitrazepam.
So did "Car Throttle".
Such a design is called a "fuel cell stack".
This became known as the "Grubb-Niedrach fuel cell".
Nazi Germany, Finland's chief supporter against Russia, was losing the war.
Finland's leaders realised that opposing the Soviets head-on was no longer feasible.
No international power was able to give the necessary support.
"Each move gave me a completely new perspective," he said.
Singer has said his financial relationships do not influence his research.
That's not my business.
Pohl was married five times.
The family settled in Brooklyn when Pohl was around seven.
His health, however, had been failing.
Van Vogt, Curt Siodmak and L. Ron Hubbard.
In his final days he saw everyone he wanted to say good-bye to.
Fantasy films often have an element of magic, myth, wonder, escapism, and the extraordinary.
"Highlander", a film about immortal Scottish swordsmen, was released the same year.
What follows are some notable Fantasy films.
All finite sets are countable, but not all countable sets are finite.
The dog is both vain of his master and cowardly.
The name is derived from the Norse mythological dog of the same name, Garm.
He later uses the sword to capture and control the dragon.
This list gives some examples of the most common species found in home aquariums.
The Institute carries out workshops each year, attended primarily by scientists, engineers, and students.
A public debate ensued through written papers and letters Drexler-Smalley debate on molecular nanotechnology.
A list of Feyman Prizewinners is maintained at the Foresight Institute's archival website.
Some aquarium fish and invertebrates also eat live plants.
Hobbyists use aquatic plants for aquascaping, of several aesthetic styles.
Scientific names listed here may therefore contradict other sources.
In fact the village contains numerous spring water fountains.
Two identical skirts are often worn, one above the other.
Others include "puppuai" and "cresiedda" to the south, "logotza" to the east.
By republican times, use of the fasces was surrounded with tradition and protocol.
Commonly, the symbol was associated with female divinities, from prehistoric through historic times.
The French Revolution used many references to the ancient Roman Republic in its imagery.
All fast combat support ships currently in service are operated by Military Sealift Command.
Noteworthy lines included "BattleTech" and "Shadowrun".
This tongue-in-cheek attitude was carried over in humorous self-references in its games.
The two were fellow gamers at the United States Merchant Marine Academy.
There were also problems with aileron control cylinders, electrical connectors, and engine compartment fires.
It has been used in combat against the Islamic State.
Except for Skyburner, all records were achieved in unmodified production aircraft.
The Phantom's service as a frontline fighter would be short-lived.
Production Phantoms incorporated a number of design improvements.
This turbulent airflow is called frication.
A particular subset of fricatives are the sibilants.
However, phonemically aspirated fricatives are rare.
Frost is personified in Russian culture as Ded Moroz.
See also cryobiology.
Such conditions still prevent a strong bond between the snow layers.
Schmidt was also in demand as a chamber musician.
He left it unfinished, to be completed later by Robert Wagner.
Among the composers were Theodor Berger, Marcel Rubin and Alfred Uhl.
In the battle, the Reds, now on the defensive, showed increased motivation to fight.
The majority of the Finnish labor movement supported Finland's independence.
The February Revolution halted the Finnish economic boom caused by the Russian war-economy.
Improvements were remarkably consistent across the whole period, in both countries.
However, this seems to set an upper limit on the effects of test sophistication.
For the upper half of the results the performance was even worse.
However, these tips usually contain many asperities.
There is a critical distance, xc, at which the tunneling probability is a maximum.
These orders failed to get through and the attack went ahead as originally planned.
He decided not to seek a decisive confrontation at the Mersa Matruh position.
He expected to have to remain on the defensive for at least two weeks.
They also used the Ethiopians as a proxy army against the Sudanese Mahdists.
On the eve of war, an agreement providing military help for Ethiopia was concluded.
The first Ethiopian troops reached Meqele in the following days.
Energy obtained from the fossil fuels could not be used again.
He also says that radioactive processes probably power the stars.
The word 'isotope' was initially suggested to him by Margaret Todd.
For these reasons, the distinction remains useful.
Males fast during the reproductive season, unwilling to leave their females or territories.
Fur seals feed on moderately sized fish, squid, and krill.
All the world plays a clown now.
He hired cinematographer Gianni Di Venanzo, among key personnel.
While the band was doing well in the studio, their tours were more problematic.
The remaining five carried on and recorded "Mystery to Me" six months later.
And they're really good.
His elder half-brother was the Elector Johann Cicero of Brandenburg.
The latter of these can be unlocked by winning the others on "Expert" mode.
Players can select any course in this game.
Every race consists of five laps around a race track.
Frederick William wanted him to become a fine soldier.
His father had successfully acquired the title King for the margraves of Brandenburg.
The term "felsic" combines the words "feldspar" and "silica".
The term was used more broadly in older geologic literature.
Common felsic minerals include quartz, muscovite, orthoclase, and the sodium-rich plagioclase feldspars.
When conditions improved, Frisia received an influx of new settlers, mostly Angles and Saxons.
This farthest extent of Frisian territory is sometimes referred to as "Frisia Magna".
An old tradition existed in the region of exploitation of peatlands.
His articles were eventually collected and published in "The Battle Of Tripoli".
Marinetti also sought to increase creativity.
The advantage of magnetism involved accelerating such crises without danger.
However, in Mesmer's day doctoral theses were not expected to be original.
He soon stopped using magnets as a part of his treatment.
Surgical treatment can be tried in some cases.
If surgical intervention is contraindicated, corticosteroids may be used.
This contains a lot of magnetostatic energy.
This difference in energy is called the exchange energy.
Magnetism is now regarded as a purely quantum mechanical effect.
He has also been given honours and awards by other countries.
The funerals took place in his hometown, Sassari, at the Church of San Giuseppe.
After two days, Cossiga resigned as Minister of the Interior.
Symptoms ranged from dizziness to tingling in their extremities.
Vertical takeoffs and landings are riskier because of threats such as foreign object damage.
The aircraft were restricted to basic maneuvers with no tactical training allowed.
Each food additive has to be named or numbered.
The numbers are the same as in Europe, but without the prefix "E".
For example, salt is both a preservative as well as a flavor.
Louisa Young in her biography of Lady Scott refutes the claim.
Our part is to find the trail that leads to it.
From thousands of applicants, Nansen selected a party of twelve.
Later his attitude changed.
However, he had little interest in military affairs.
Like his first marriage, this was childless.
The typical roles of supplier and consumer are reversed.
These debates and studies continue to explore just what that relationship entails.
Most of the cars had problems including the dreaded rust issue.
Discussions between Safir and Ford ensued.
These aluminium big block cars all had easily removable door roof sections.
Certain drug formulations include glycine to improve gastric absorption of the drug.
Glycine is one of the proteinogenic amino acids.
Most proteins incorporate only small quantities of glycine.
The program's slogan is "Bridging the gap between geeks and the rest of humanity".
Shortly there after Mark Hanford of Cruzio joined the program.
Most electric guitar bodies are made of wood and include a plastic pick guard.
Frets are laid out to accomplish an equal tempered division of the octave.
It is one of the endpoints of the strings' vibrating length.
The tables are limited to clients that can participate in the current gnutella network.
This growing surge in popularity revealed the limits of the initial protocol's scalability.
This allowed the network to grow in popularity.
"George had a very good eye, and he thought visually," he recalled.
Wexler, later to work with Lucas on several occasions, was impressed by Lucas' talent.
I know all that stuff.
Gothenburg also was the birthplace of the Swedish composer Kurt Atterberg.
There are also some boat and ferry services.
The working class lived in the overcrowded city district Haga in wooden houses.
Gotland is the only Swedish county that is not administered by a county council.
The County Administrative Board is a Government agency headed by a Governor.
When it is shown with a royal crown it represents the County Administrative Board.
The description above is representative of a receiver start-up situation.
Any drift from true time maintained on the ground is corrected daily.
Likewise, the satellite locations are known with great precision.
Germany is the world's third-largest arms exporter.
The Leipzig Book Fair also retains a major position in Europe.
This model is well regarded and reproduced all around the world.
At this period the Central Square with the Cathedral and Royal Palace were constructed.
The hottest month is April.
Four stratovolcanoes are visible from the city, two of them active.
The goal was to bring a wholly free software operating system into existence.
At the time, Unix was already a popular proprietary operating system.
This idea is often referred to as copyleft.
The opposite approach, that insight is attained all at once, is called subitism.
Gradualism is often confused with the concept of phyletic gradualism.
It was continued in other schools of Indian and Chinese philosophy.
The East Germanic languages were marginalized from the end of the Migration period.
It is important to distinguish innovations from cases of linguistic conservatism.
Others, such as English, Swedish, and Afrikaans, have moved toward a largely analytic type.
Middle Low German was the lingua franca of the Hanseatic League.
Greek is an independent branch of the Indo-European language family.
It has only oral vowels and a fairly stable set of consonantal contrasts.
Nouns, articles and adjectives show all the distinctions except for person.
The story depicts the golem as being impervious to magical attacks.
In many depictions Golems are inherently perfectly obedient.
Orwell returned to Wallington, which he found in disarray after his absence.
She noted his "sense of utter fairness in minutest details".
Orwell was an atheist who identified himself with the humanist outlook on life.
Their bodies are about long, and their tails are about long.
The species takes its name from its discoverer, the Swiss naturalist Emil August Goeldi.
In some jurisdictions, the gambling age differs depending on the type of gambling.
Games such as craps, baccarat, roulette, and blackjack originate from different areas of Europe.
Some Islamic nations prohibit gambling; most other countries regulate it.
Evolutionary game theory explains this altruism with the idea of kin selection.
However, the most common payoffs for each of these games are symmetric.
Responsibility for educational oversight in Germany lies primarily with the individual federated states.
Some Jews from the former Soviet Union are of mixed heritage.
If they fell pregnant nevertheless they faced forced abortion or deportation.
He instituted the world's first welfare state.
Its monetary policy is set by the European Central Bank in Frankfurt.
East-west routes are usually even-numbered, north-south routes are usually odd-numbered.
A larger number of cities has upgraded their tramways to light rail standards.
A further increase of traffic is expected in the future.
It is the world's third biggest aid donor after the United States and France.
German forces are mostly in the more secure north of the country.
The United Kingdom and France support German ascension to the supreme body.
He or she is elected by and responsible to the "Bundestag", Germany's parliament.
This role is usually nominal but can become significant in case of political instability.
With this, non-Euclidean geometry was established on an equal mathematical footing with Euclidean geometry.
This was the beginning of a new field of mathematics now called analysis.
In addition, they made the profound discovery of incommensurable lengths and irrational numbers.
He is the oldest living former President and Vice President.
Bush continues to make many public appearances.
They had a presidential office within the Park Laureate Building on Memorial Drive.
The proportion of Berkeley scholarship, in literature on the history of philosophy, is increasing.
Outside of America, during Berkeley's lifetime his philosophical ideas were comparatively uninfluential.
He named this confusion the naturalistic fallacy.
His eldest brother was Thomas Sturge Moore, a poet, writer and engraver.
Since they are anything but trivial and obvious, value must be indefinable.
When multiple definitions could serve equally well, then all such definitions apply simultaneously.
Furthermore, the differentia of an individual is synonymously called "the identity" of that individual.
Auto loaders fire one shot with each pull of the trigger.
That said, the basic principle behind firearm operation remains unchanged to this day.
There are two common types of handguns: revolvers and semi-automatic pistols.
He recognized his army's desperate shortage of gunpowder and sought new sources.
His first experiences at surveying occurred in the territory surrounding Mount Vernon.
In the process, he demonstrated bravery and stamina, despite his lingering illness.
The gulf coast is highly populated.
The Gulf Coast is a major center of economic activity.
Since these darker times the Gulf Coast has been hit with numerous other hurricanes.
The reason is that these galaxy formation models predict a large number of mergers.
With angular momentum conserved, the matter near the center speeds up its rotation.
One theorized preventive mechanism called "strangulation" keeps cold gas from entering the galaxy.
The cohort has been credited with entrepreneurial tendencies.
They experienced the emergence of music videos, grunge, alternative rock and hip hop.
The firefighters and police responding to the attacks were predominantly Generation Xers.
It is rooted in the core value of inafa'maolek.
The top football division in Guam is the Guam Men's Soccer League.
The latte-stone was used as a foundation on which thatched huts were built.
The cartridge is inserted into the console cartridge slot.
Notches were located at the base of the cartridge's two back corners.
Game Boy Advance cartridges used a similar physical lock-out feature.
This burn was quite a ride for the crew.
The results from this experiment showed the system to be accurate and responsive.
They fortunately had a backup in the form of the computers on the ground.
Gardens in ancient Egypt were often surrounded by walls with trees planted in rows.
There are many ways by which unwanted pests are removed from a garden.
Cypresses and palms were some of the most frequently planted types of trees.
The national government has run advertising campaigns in an attempt to discourage the practice.
Fay pleaded guilty to vandalizing a car in addition to stealing road signs.
Throw-ups can also be outlined on a surface with one color.
Godzilla is shown to possess immense physical strength and muscularity.
The commercial was subsequently adapted into a comic book illustrated by Jeff Butler.
He totally destroys everything and then there is a rebirth.
The tail prop would be swung offscreen by a stage hand.
After its theatrical re-releases, the film was screened two more times at specialty festivals.
Even though I wore a wet suit under the costume, I got cold.
Godzilla fights Ebirah, but the giant crustacean escapes.
Godzilla smashes a tower that has a self-destruct button that makes the island unstable.
The egg hatches, revealing a baby Godzilla.
The various giant preying mantises known as Kamacuras and the huge poisonous spider Kumonga.
"Son of Godzilla" was never released theatrically in the United States.
It was released on a double bill with a reissue of the film "Atragon".
The American version of the film remains relatively close to the Japanese original.
Both films were released under one of the company's divisions, Tokyo Shock.
It was the first "Godzilla" film to sell less than one million admissions.
The first brief scene of Anguirus shows the monster without his fangs.
Doctor Genshiro Shiragami and his daughter, Erika, are enlisted to aid with the project.
Godzilla reawakens and leaves for the ocean.
Fortunately, Godzilla arrives to fight off Titanosaurus.
Several scenes with violent content were entirely removed, disrupting the flow of the narrative.
Toho had no intention of permanently ending the Godzilla series.
They fight at equal strength, each immune to the other's attacks.
Extras included the trailer for "Godzilla versus King Ghidorah" and "Godzilla versus Mothra".
The creature's distress calls were recycled Gamera cries.
Six months later, explorer Takuya Fujito is detained after stealing an ancient artifact.
The head was also electronically modified to allow more vertical mobility.
The two moths decide to join forces against Godzilla.
Debate ensues about notifying the public about the danger of the monster.
The demonstration horrifies her and she leaves without breaking off the engagement.
A passing commuter train collides with the monster, who then destroys the train.
Mihara to set up the homing device before the two missiles collide above Tokyo.
Hayashida believes that Godzilla was distracted instinctively by a homing signal from the birds.
The Japanese cabinet meets to discuss Japan's defence.
It was thus mistakenly thought to be a new work by Kant himself.
He gave himself up to intense production, and a succession of works soon appeared.
Fichte was made its rector and also the first Chair of Philosophy.
The immigration routes still have an effect today.
Ships that primarily trade on the lakes are known as "lakers".
Logging, urbanization, and agriculture uses have changed that relationship.
A graph with girth four or more is triangle-free.
There may exist multiple cages for a given girth.
Handlers are taught that they must positively identify and verify their target.
Therefore, gun safety rules apply even to guns loaded with blanks.
These can affect reaction time, cognitive processing, sensory perception, and judgment.
Early authorities presumed it was composed by them.
Sheet music was soon after published, titled Oh!
Let My People Go: The Song of the Contrabands, and arranged by Horace Waters.
Even taken as is, general relativity is rich with possibilities for further exploration.
In mathematical terms, this defines a conformal structure or conformal geometry.
The Einstein field equations are nonlinear and very difficult to solve.
An original source is one that is not based on another source.
Other projects transcribe or abstract records.
Children may sometimes assume stepparent, foster parent, or adoptive parent names.
The president appoints the provincial governors, the prefects, and the subprefects.
Intermarriage between the ethnicities is quite common, helping reduce ethnic tensions.
Before the discovery of oil, logging was the pillar of the Gabonese economy.
M'Ba died later that year.
M'Ba died later that year, and Omar Bongo became president.
He invited all Gabonese, regardless of previous political affiliation, to participate.
Gabon lies on the equator.
Gabon has the moist, hot climate typical of tropical regions.
During the remaining months, rainfall is heavy.
The life expectancy of Gabon is lower than the world average.
Elections were held in April with many opposition participants.
After a peaceful transition, the elections produced the first representative, multi-party, National Assembly.
Public expenditures from the years of significant oil revenues have not been spent well.
Gabon continues to face fluctuating prices for its oil, timber, manganese, and uranium exports.
Gabon's industry is centered on petroleum, manganese mining, and timber processing.
There are two main broadcasters in Gabon.
Afrique Numero Un also has relay stations in mostly French-speaking African countries.
Libel can be either a criminal offense or a civil matter.
Nouvelle Air Affaires Gabon handles scheduled domestic service.
Numerous airlines provide international flights.
President Bongo has remained involved in the continuing Congolese peace process.
It was not recognized by any country outside the Arab League.
After the takeover, Israel and Egypt closed their border crossings with Gaza.
The Israeli government uses economic means to pressure Hamas.
Georgia participates in a number of international environmental agreements.
Inadequate sewage treatment is the main cause of that condition.
Climatic zones are determined by distance from the Black Sea and by altitude.
Legislative power is vested in the Parliament of Georgia.
The president appoints a Prime Minister, who serves as the head of government.
The Russian government denied accusations of being involved or of interfering in the situation.
There are some major challenges facing the banking sector.
In addition, all Russian gas exports to Armenia pass through the Georgian pipeline system.
Liberal labour legislation simplified the relations between employers and employees.
Georgia has a long history of weapon production tracing back to ancient times.
Since then only high quality fabricates are licensed for use.
However, no Georgian navy vessels are armed with ship-to-ship missiles.
Georgia has terminated its diplomatic relations with Russia and Nicaragua.
Different symbols and different colours mean different things.
Tourist arrivals to Ghana include: South Americans, Asians, Europeans, and North Americans.
Senior high schools are also provided with all their textbook requirement by the government.
The Black Volta River and the White Volta River flow separately into the lake.
Obuasi and Konongo, two of the country's gold-mining centers, are also located here.
Archeological finds indicate, however, that the region was once more heavily populated.
These averages, naturally, did not reflect variations in population distribution.
Urban areas in Ghana have customarily been supplied with more amenities than rural locations.
There are eight other languages sponsored by the Government of Ghana.
Agribusiness accounts for a small fraction of the gross domestic product.
The Ministry of Tourism has placed great emphasis upon further tourism support and development.
Ghana was one of the first countries in Africa to connect to the Internet.
The police arbitrarily arrest and detain journalists.
Some journalists practice self-censorship.
The northern and central areas are connected through a major road system.
Diesel multiple-unit trainsets will be imported for use on the line.
Thus the National Redemption Council was formed.
This time Rawlings established the Provisional National Defence Council.
The United States is among Ghana's trading partners.
Israel has an embassy in Ghana and Ghana has an embassy in Tel Aviv.
Evidence of hominid inhabitation of the Rock dates back to the Neanderthals.
However, the Parliament frustrated always such attempts, echoing the public opinion in Britain.
The Romans visited Gibraltar, but no permanent settlement was established.
Moroccans have always had a significant presence in Gibraltar.
Other Italians came from islands like Sardinia and Sicily.
Others moved to Gibraltar on a temporary assignment and then married with local women.
The Governor is responsible for matters of defence and security only.
The Government of Gibraltar is elected for a term of four years.
This has become the main activity within the Port of Gibraltar.
The report aimed at clarifying the effects of Gibraltar's economy on the Campo area.
This is known as the "passporting" of financial services.
Sapphire have their own redundant fibre and microwave infrastructure into and around Gibraltar.
The volume of calls grew and a System X digital exchange was installed.
Gibraltar has two prominent monthly magazines; "Insight" and the "Gibraltar Magazine".
Being a peninsula, the sea has long been vital to Gibraltar's transport links.
Scheduled civilian passenger flights are operated by EasyJet, British Airways and Monarch Airlines.
There is still a harbour on the west side of the territory.
The Seychelles claimed the islands too before the France-Seychelles Maritime Boundary Agreement.
They form part of a coral reef and lagoon.
Grande Glorieuses is roughly circular and measures about across.
Its capital Nyen was located in the delta of Neva River.
Ust-Luga is envisioned to be the largest transportation and logistics hub in northwestern Russia.
The castle was fought over for decades between Sweden and the Republic of Novgorod.
It maintained relations with the trade centers Bruges, Novgorod, Lisboa and Sevilla.
Winter lasts from December to March and includes periods of snow.
In the process, tens of thousands of refugees were killed.
As the graviton is hypothetical, its discovery would unite quantum theory with gravity.
For example, photons do not interact with photons.
A theory of quantum gravity is needed in order to reconcile these differences.
The allowed height allows ocean going ships.
However, it was never an economic success.
Traffic volumes stagnated after that and never recovered.
Today's main successor corporation is Delphi Automotive, which nowadays is an independent parent corporation.
Recently, the Cadillac V-Series has entered motorsports racing.
It can carry forward previous losses to reduce tax liability on future earnings.
Aesthetics was the foremost reason why the first design of Joseph Strauss was rejected.
Another anemometer was placed on one of the towers.
The deck is about above the water.
Marconi received further education in Florence at the Istituto Cavallero and, later, in Livorno.
Numerous additional demonstrations followed, and Marconi began to receive international attention.
The message read "Are you ready".
With state coffers empty, fiscal policy came under International Financial Control.
Other common herbs and spices include basil, thyme and fennel seed.
Significal dramatists include Vitsentzos Kornaros and Georgios Chortatzis.
The majority of them come from the neighbouring countries.
Principal illegal immigrants include Albanians, Indians, Kurds, Afghans, Iraqis and Somalis.
For those reasons, the population decreased in the plains, while increasing on the mountains.
The Greek media, collectively, is a very influential institution - usually aggressive, sensationalist.
Greece has problems with illegal immigration, especially from or via Turkey.
Voting in Greece is compulsory but is not enforced.
Important Greek industries include tourism and shipping.
Shipping has traditionally been a key sector in the Greek economy since ancient times.
The Broadcasting Media in Greece is considerably free and fair.
The civilian authority for the Greek military is the Ministry of National Defense.
Women may serve in the Greek military, but cannot be conscripted.
Its main mission is to guarantee the territorial integrity and independence of the state.
Similar disputes occurred for the islands of Imbros and Tenedos.
They agreed on various measures to reduce bilateral tensions and to encourage cooperation.
Greece is a founding member of the Organization of the Black Sea Economic Cooperation.
There is currently a programme to build hydro power plants.
Sperm whale ivory remains a valued medium for carving.
Traditionally many Greenlanders have received higher education in Denmark.
A sparse population is confined to small settlements along certain sectors of the coast.
Greenland possesses the world's second largest ice sheet.
The decrease in Greenland's population is due to emigration, as natural growth is positive.
The only official language of Greenland is Greenlandic.
Legislative power is shared by the government and the legislature.
Legislative power is vested in both the government and parliament "Inatsisartut".
Governments are usually coalition governments.
The only forest in Greenland is in the Qinngua Valley near Nanortalik.
The farms provide meat for local consumption and wool mainly for export.
The third major chain is the Brugsen association of cooperatives.
This type of monopoly is not uncommon in Greenland.
You are talking over a radio instead of a phone.
Today, Greenland has more mobile phones than landlines.
Arctic Umiaq Line runs a passenger ship which also carries freight.
Speed limit ranges from for local roads to on primary roads.
The defence of Greenland is the responsibility of Denmark.
Unlike Denmark, Greenland is no longer part of the European Union.
The commission began shortly after the boys concluded their project.
The sentences were eventually commuted to life imprisonment after an international campaign.
Grenada's economy was set back several years by Hurricane Ivan's impact.
The land is volcanic in origin with mountains in the interior.
Some of the drainage features on Grenada remain from its volcanic past.
There are a few crater lakes, the largest of which is Grand Etang.
Grenada has a small population of pre-Columbian native Caribs.
Jurisprudence is based on English common law.
Other crops for export include cocoa, citrus fruits, bananas, cloves, and cinnamon.
To deal with the shocks, fiscal policy became more expansionary while privatization receipts declined.
It is also prone to other adverse shocks such as natural disasters.
There is one industrial railway, used by a rum distillery.
There are signs that Guam is recovering from these setbacks.
It also facilitated the Manila Galleon trade.
The latte stone consists of a head and a base shaped out of limestone.
Its main commercial airport is the Antonio B.
Won Pat International Airport.
Allegedly, he passed laws allowing landowners to execute workers as a "disciplinary" measure.
The central theme of these was the land reform, the "pet project" of Arbenz.
Black and dark eyes, metallic sounding voice and was rather sullen and brooding.
The population is divided almost evenly between rural and urban areas.
Eastern and Oriental Orthodoxy claim rapid growth, especially among indigenous Mayans.
Drug trafficking is undoubtedly the greatest threat to political freedom in Guatemala today.
This was a milestone of the history of Guatemala and made national headlines.
Coffee, sugar, and bananas are the main products.
Migration is another important avenue in Guatemala.
Guatemala is the biggest country in Central America.
It formerly included railways.
There are no passenger trains.
Guatemalan streets tend to be one-ways to ease congestion and move traffic.
The Minister of Defense is responsible for policy.
The air force operates three air bases; the navy has two port bases.
Guatemala participates in several regional groups, particularly those related to the environment and trade.
Airtel-Vodafone also provide a mobile network.
Elevation varies from sea level to at Hautnez on Guernsey.
Guernsey is divided into ten administrative parishes for local government purposes.
Fort George was a former garrison for the British Army.
Many traditional businesses, such as fishing and quarrying would not return.
Trading mainly with Europe, the West Indies and the Americas.
Laws have no effect until Royal assent is promulgated as Orders-in-Council of the Crown.
The senior Douzenier is known as the Doyen.
Camara went to Morocco for medical care.
Malaria is one of the top causes of disability in Guinea.
Homosexuality is illegal in Guinea.
What is now Guinea was on the fringes of the major West African empires.
He had promised to reform the security sector and review mining contracts if elected.
Sahelian Upper Guinea has a shorter rainy season and greater daily temperature variations.
Poor mining practices have led to environmental damage.
Its terrain is generally flat coastal plain, hilly to mountainous interior.
Demographics of Guinea describes the condition and overview of Guinea's peoples.
The N'Ko script is increasingly used on a grassroots level for the Maninka language.
Thousands of protestors defied the ban, assembling in a soccer stadium.
A military dictatorship, led by then-Lt.
A national investment commission has been formed to review all investment proposals.
Foreign investments outside Conakry are entitled to especially favorable conditions.
The government also has made major strides in restructuring the public finances.
Some journalists hire bodyguards, and many practice self-censorship.
Conversion to gauge has been proposed.
This line is gauge and head off in a northwestern direction.
This line is and parallels the Southern line.
Units of volunteers, formed in response to this call, assumed limited policing functions.
The elements in the Conakry area were issued small arms and given military training.
Guinea participates actively in the deliberations and decisions of a variety of international organizations.
No reason was stated for the recall.
The enrollment of boys is higher than that of girls.
In the past, the government had been highly centralized.
A small number escaped to Portugal or to other African nations.
From December through April, the country receives very little rainfall.
Severe environmental issues include deforestation; soil erosion; overgrazing and overfishing.
Guinea-Bissau's climate is tropical.
Most people are farmers.
Registration of vital events is in Guinea-Bissau not complete.
The president is elected by popular vote for a five-year term.
The attempted coup added to instability ahead of parliamentary elections.
The only point at issue was the precise line of the borders.
The income from it was equivalent to twice the value of its external debt.
The Portuguese brought in copper ware, cloth, tools, wine and horses.
Guinea-Bissau is one of the poorest countries in the world.
Broadcasters face many challenges, not least the lack of a reliable power supply.
There are no railways in Guinea-Bissau.
We can't work with him.
Executive power is exercised by the President, advised by a cabinet.
Local communities are administered by village or city councils.
Only the prime minister is required to be a member of the assembly.
Road conditions vary immensely, and maintenance is sometimes deficient.
A railway service was once operated in Linden for the movement of bauxite ore.
The coastal main road system is not continuous.
Guyana strongly supports the concept of regional integration.
Two neighbours have longstanding territorial disputes with Guyana.
Diplomatic contacts between the two countries and the Secretary General's representative continue.
A similar situation with igneous rocks occurs when xenoliths are found.
This changed the understanding of geologic time.
Extension causes the rock units as a whole to become longer and thinner.
His family opened a dance studio in the Squirrel Hill neighborhood of Pittsburgh.
It too sold few movie tickets.
Kelly's final on-screen appearance was to introduce That's Entertainment!
Arnold Schwarzenegger blew away dozens of cops as the Terminator.
Warren G was another G-funk musician along with the now deceased Nate Dogg.
Midwest Hip Hop was originally distinctive for its faster-paced flow.
It has no reason to fear the truth.
It is a mistake to believe that the people cannot take the truth.
He also cites Aristotle, Descartes, Berkeley, Leibniz, and Bolzano on infinity.
His inability to prove the continuum hypothesis caused him considerable anxiety.
Cantor's first ten papers were on number theory, his thesis topic.
Sahlgrenska University Hospital is associated with the university as a teaching hospital.
The University of Gothenburg is one of Sweden's largest universities.
The "University Board" is the University's highest decision-making body.
The apriori method uses common generic elements which are identified in advance.
Film genres may appear to be readily categorizable from the setting of the film.
Other popular combinations are the romantic comedy and the action comedy film.
He also discusses a story told by Herodotus.
Almost all reports are based on his measurements.
Free actions are simple actions that can be done at any time.
After all characters have taken their action, one second has elapsed.
Carella, Robin Laws, S. John Ross, and "Fudge" creator Steffan O'Sullivan.
These currently have no citable real-world examples outside of fiction.
China uses a variant, "The People's Republic of China".
An oligarchy does not have one clear ruler but several rulers.
In the song "It Sucks to Be Me", he laments his fate.
She wouldn't leave me alone.
Price and Coleman married several months later.
Despite its promising start, Fresh Horses plateaued quickly, topping out at quadruple platinum.
The station in Budapest was an innovative design.
This gave ammunition to his critics, and lurid headlines including Eiffel Suicide!
Eiffel was selected because of his experience with wind stresses.
It uses direct action, lobbying, research, and ecotage to achieve its goals.
However, one of McTaggart's crew members photographed the incident and went public.
Currently Greenpeace considers global warming to be the greatest environmental problem facing the Earth.
He was the son and grandson of physicians.
The condition has since come to be called Whipple's disease.
He was remembered as a superb teacher.
Ashide Wenfu and Ashina Funian surrendered to Pei Xingjian.
Ashina Nishufu was killed by his men.
When we see another person suffering, it can also cause us pain.
Guilt is an important factor in perpetuating obsessive-compulsive disorder symptoms.
As with any other emotion, guilt can be manipulated to control or influence others.
Metallic and gold compounds have long been used for medicinal purposes.
Mercury can then enter into the human food chain in the form of methylmercury.
No other isomer or isotope of gold has three decay paths.
Gallium is used for neutrino detection.
Gallium reacts with the chalcogens only at relatively high temperatures.
Electrolysis then gives gallium metal.
The germanium hydrohalides with one, two and three halogen atoms are colorless reactive liquids.
Russia and China used this as a source for germanium.
Winkler named the element after his country, Germany.
Gadolinium has no large-scale applications, but it has a variety of specialized uses.
Ironically, as noted above, the mineral gadolinite actually contains only traces of this element.
All four trihalides are known.
State capitals and also other cities often have additional festivities.
It never occurred to them to think about "Empire Parade" or "Emperor's Birthday".
There were no invalid votes.
The focus of the party is on ecological, economic, and social sustainability.
Energy policy is still the most important cross-cutting issue in climate and economic policies.
This was authorised through the Nuclear Exit Law.
He currently resides and teaches pan flute in Bucharest.
This created the opportunity for composition and arranging.
Later he attended the Ciprian Porumbescu Conservatory.
The first is analytic philosophy and philosophical logic in the Anglo-American vein.
He was an authority on Wittgenstein, editing his later works.
The issue of women's right to academic education is central to the book's plot.
But as it turned out, the perpetrator's acts were deliberate and calculated.
Susan Haack has an essay on "Gaudy Night" as a philosophical novel.
Because of French influence, English orthography shares this feature.
Other languages typically use to represent regardless of position.
In English, the letter appears either alone or in some digraphs.
In International Phonetic Alphabet, it represents the voiced velar fricative.
It is sometimes also used in the romanization of Pashto.
These characters are used only as mathematical symbols.
Selenium deficiency is also considered a contributing factor.
Goitre is treated according to the cause.
However, these symptoms are often non-specific and make diagnosis difficult.
However, they do, via the cellular process of chromosomal crossover.
With the newfound molecular understanding of inheritance came an explosion of research.
An interesting example is the coat coloration of the Siamese cat.
Pappas' critical examination of the "inherence account" is greatly appreciated by Berkeley scholars.
Pappas' interpretation of Berkeley's '"esse" is "percipi"' thesis has sparked much discussion.
Professor Pappas is a regular participant of International Berkeley Conferences.
He devoted his spare time to writing novels and short stories.
Flaubert characterized it as a masterpiece that will endure.
Hagi is highly praised by the Galatasaray supporters.
He is currently both owner and chairman of the club.
Both feats were firsts, and remain unmatched in Turkish football history.
Banks continued to play consistently to become established as England's first-choice goalkeeper.
He later fronted a Leicester based hospitality company.
That's how big a thing it is.
Ganglia house the cell bodies of afferent nerves and efferent nerves.
The term "ganglion" refers to the peripheral nervous system.
Pseudoganglia are found in the teres minor muscle and radial nerve.
After Leibniz's service to the Elector there soon followed a diplomatic role.
For Leibniz, God is an absolutely perfect being.
In addition, a Christmas themed adventure and vehicular combat rules were released online.
This module was not published.
Attributes, mutations, and skills were also randomly assigned.
Mystery Mayhem" features a grimoire named "The Tome of Doom".
The video game Scooby-Doo!
Before the war, everyone felt that what was happening onstage was impossible.
To heighten the effect, the horror plays were often alternated with comedies.
Choreographer and Director, Shela Xoregos.
Two naval ships were assigned to intercept any vessels entering the Thames estuary.
Lord Clarendon estimated that the true number of mortalities was probably twice that figure.
The nineteen-arch London Bridge was even more congested.
Semantically, however, most graphical user interfaces use three dimensions.
Smaller ones usually act as a user-input tool.
Nevertheless, it was a crucial influence on the contemporary development of Microsoft Windows.
The haploid pollen then produces sperm by mitosis and releases them for fertilization.
However, since plants have an alternation of diploid and haploid generations some differences exist.
Spermatogenesis is the process of male gamete formation in animals.
Martin has been described as "the American Tolkien" by literary critics.
He worked on scripts and created the show's "Ped Xing" character.
Martin was several months late turning in the third book, "A Storm of Swords".
Dividing the continuous "Ice and Fire" story into books is much harder for Martin.
The chapters are later rearranged to optimize character intercutting, chronology, and suspense.
So any resemblance to Arabs or Turks is coincidental.
Many Astapori women veil their face for the dust.
They have adopted many Rhoynish customs as well, including equal primogeniture.
The Championship section was for players who had previously won an international tournament.
There is also a Woman Grandmaster title with lower requirements awarded only to women.
Today his own works appear as prototypes of the later developed bourgeois German drama.
His father was a Lutheran minister and wrote on theology.
He began publishing heated pamphlets on his beliefs which were eventually banned.
The mass and the base are assumed to interact via friction.
A building's foundation transmits loads from buildings and other structures to the earth.
This type of wall uses much less material than a traditional gravity wall.
He made occasional visits to Paris and England, where he apparently had a mistress.
In Paris, he was an indifferent student and found the city distasteful.
Flaubert suffered from venereal diseases most of his life.
In recent writings, he defends a position known as digital philosophy.
They are random mathematical facts.
He rose to fame playing guitar with his rock band Bijelo Dugme.
Certain lizards also employ this method such as the genera "Tiliqua" and "Corucia.
Viviparous offspring live independently and require an external food supply from birth.
This strategy of birth is known as ovoviviparity.
Arbitrary-precision implementations are available in most computer algebra systems, such as Mathematica and Maple.
Perhaps the next generation will also.
The man carefully removed the paintings from their frames, which he left behind.
These artists were the style's main innovators.
However, he still remained committed to the cubist method of simultaneous perspective and fragmentation.
The compiler can target a wide variety of platforms.
Profile-guided optimization is also possible.
Nutton refers to these authors as the "medical refrigerators of antiquity".
He was left behind to act as physician to the imperial heir Commodus.
His demonstrations there antagonized the less skilled and more conservative physicians in the city.
This is accomplished by the interpretation of tongues, another spiritual gift.
There are two schools of thoughts concerning the nature of a message in tongues.
One of his students was William Seymour, an African-American preacher.
Kirchhoff did not know about the existence of energy levels in atoms.
The couple had five children.
He completed this study as a seminar exercise; it later became his doctoral dissertation.
His girth gave rise to a famous anecdote.
The business of the Conservatives is to prevent the mistakes from being corrected.
Even his fiction contained carefully concealed parables.
In general, only one verse is sung.
Gaetano Donizetti used this anthem in his opera "Roberto Devereux".
The authorised version to be played by pipe bands is "Mallorca".
There were also local rivalries.
Seneca's "vital spot" seems to have meant the neck.
Combats between experienced, well trained gladiators demonstrated a considerable degree of stagecraft.
Most of reviewed studies were performed after the approval of crop.
They continue to be important model organisms for experiments in genetic engineering.
With this enzyme, the animal is able to digest cereal grain phosphorus.
There are also a few theatres from diverse periods.
Its centre is the largest carfree area in Belgium.
Ghent was occupied by the Germans in both World Wars but escaped severe destruction.
Bodybuilder Marie-Laure Mahabir also hails from Guadeloupe.
Guadeloupe, like the other overseas departments, is an integral part of France.
French is the official language, taught in the school system.
Guadeloupe was formed from multiple volcanoes, of which only Basse-Terre is not extinct.
Tourism provides jobs such as hoteliers, waiters, tour guides and taxi drivers.
The rearing of animals is done both on Grande-Terre and Basse-Terre.
The Holy See had several Glagolitic missals published in Rome.
It is believed that the original letters were fitted to Macedonian dialects specifically.
Glagolitic letters were also used as numbers, similarly to Cyrillic numerals.
Existence of a gcd is not assured in arbitrary integral domains.
Each step makes at most one such subtraction.
Each step of the algorithm makes at least one such shift.
A closely related dish is "salmorejo".
Gazpacho has ancient roots.
Every Andalusian region or comarca has its own variety.
They are used as slaves by the Lady of the Green Kirtle.
Gnomes are used in Alexander Pope's "The Rape of the Lock".
Gnomes are generally considered harmless but mischievous and may bite with sharp teeth.
Graphite is an electric conductor, consequently, useful in such applications as arc lamp electrodes.
It is sometimes called "white graphite", due to its similar properties.
Its low neutron cross-section also recommends it for use in proposed fusion reactors.
As a senior, Trudeau became a member of Scroll and Key.
He continues to produce new strips for Sundays.
The earliest types of guild were formed as confraternities of tradesmen.
The practice of the Journeyman years still exists in Germany and France.
Michel Rouche remarks that the story speaks for the importance of practically transmitted journeymanship.
The game became synonymous with the phrase, Destroy the core!
Players select the stage and the number of available extra lives at the start.
Note that these cores are not present on the more organic bosses of "Gradius".
A good gamemaster draws the players into the adventure, making it enjoyable for everyone.
Effective gamemastering can require specialized user interfaces that are highly game specific.
Gamemasters must also maintain game balance: hideously overpowered monsters "or" players are no fun.
Selectable markers are used to easily differentiate transformed from untransformed cells.
The resulting bacterium, named Synthia, could replicate and produce proteins.
Fungal and virus resistant crops have also being developed or are in development.
Lengthy dedication addresses like Everett's were common at cemeteries in this era.
It also differs from the drafted text in a number of minor ways.
Lincoln gave copies to his private secretaries, John Nicolay and John Hay.
H. Murakami and M. Sisido extended some codons to have four and five bases.
The three stop codons were named by discoverers Richard Epstein and Charles Steinberg.
Frameshift mutations may result in severe genetic diseases such as Tay-Sachs disease.
The dimensions of the canvas are a golden rectangle.
That is a contradiction that follows from the assumption that is rational.
The obtuse isosceles triangles are golden gnomons.
However, see omics for a more thorough discussion.
Here is a table of some significant or representative genomes.
The work is both "in vivo" and "in silico".
Whether this sort of system is present on Earth is still open to debate.
This is known as New Age Gaian.
This results in more warmth below.
Solar heating only applies during daytime.
This leads to a higher equilibrium temperature than if the atmosphere were absent.
For example, a homomorphism of topological groups is often required to be continuous.
If there exists an isomorphism between two groups, then the groups are called isomorphic.
See also the examples.
For instance, if "g" generates "G", then so does "h".
Next is whether the method is subjective, a human interpretation, or objective.
One of the main uses of hydrological modeling is in environmental contamination research.
Terrain analysis is fundamental to hydrology, since water always flows down a slope.
Influence graphs model whether certain people can influence the behavior of others.
Many authors call this type of object a multigraph or pseudograph.
The techniques he used mainly concern the enumeration of graphs with particular properties.
Clicking any of the balls revealed the Blockheads, Prickle, Goo, Gumby, and Pokey.
The following year, the character appeared in "The Puppetoon Movie".
The show remained part of the channel's programming until the end of the year.
He would compose one opera a year for each.
He was also a capable horn player, treading in the footsteps of his father.
Her husband would ultimately join her in Bologna.
"Officialese", "legalese", or "bureaucratese" are forms of gobbledygook.
The terms "officialese" or "bureaucratese" refer to language used by officials or authorities.
They speak English when dealing with the wizarding community.
Otho meanwhile committed suicide after being defeated by Vitellius.
Tacitus states that Procilla had a fond affection for her son.
Agricola's mother was murdered on her estate in Liguria by Otho's marauding fleet.
Guanosine was used to make Regadenoson.
Hence, it must follow from Godlikeness.
Many philosophers have questioned the axioms.
The results are computer programs able to perform well in a predefined task.
Trees can be easily evaluated in a recursive manner.
It is a recursive but terminating algorithm, allowing it to avoid infinite recursion.
Numerous paintings by him were left unfinished.
All three of their sons displayed artistic talent early on.
So he's an artist really in a cul-de-sac.
I'm only the piano player!
His third wife was actress Eden Hartford.
Elton John accompanied Groucho to a performance of "Jesus Christ Superstar".
Nintendo released many addons for the Game Boy Advance.
Later in the system's availability, additional colours and special editions were released.
Searches made by search engines, including Google, leave traces.
Google Instant was a feature that displayed suggested results while the user typed.
Illyes stated the change will happen in "months".
In contrast to Quetelet, Galton's average man was not statistical but was theoretical only.
This genius is a talent for producing ideas which can be described as non-imitative.
This ideal from which the peculiarities were effaced became "the average man".
Grapes are a non-climacteric type of fruit, generally occurring in clusters.
Views on the significance of the wine vary between denominations.
While others result in purely physical symptoms such as Muscular Dystrophy.
An example of this type of disorder is Leber's hereditary optic neuropathy.
Many genetic disorders affect stages of development such as Down syndrome.
It may irritate the eyes.
Being unsaturated, the bicyclic molecule is planar.
It binds to cytosine through three hydrogen bonds.
The warrant was for war crimes and crimes against humanity.
Jean Kambanda, interim Prime Minister, pleaded guilty.
Ten are still at large.
In many cases, the newcomers set themselves up as overlords of the pre-existing population.
Another Celtic possibility is that the name meant "noisy"; cf.
The Rhine and Danube provided the bulk of geographic separation for the Roman "limes".
The enthusiasm, however, proved to be short lived.
East Pakistan objected and a protracted dispute ensued.
There are no endemic birds in the upper Gangetic Plain.
Tomioka asked Sumizawa if he could write a continuation which he agreed.
Early sketches of the protagonists by Ikeda were handled by character designer Shuko Murase.
The completeness theorem and the compactness theorem are two cornerstones of first-order logic.
But "T" is consistent when viewed from the outside.
See Consistency, the syntactic definition; the semantic definition would be tautological in this context.
It is accessible by paved road and is set aside as a nature preserve.
However, no other fossil is known that would be preferable.
The Opposition attacked the Government over the raid, terming Murphy a "loose cannon".
Whitlam was survived by his four children, five grandchildren and nine great-grandchildren.
Gough attended the government Telopea Park School.
John Lindow interprets both Old Norse names as nominalized adjectives.
Michael Speidel finds similar parallels in the Vedic Rudra and the Roman Mars.
Ginnungagap appears as the primordial void in the Norse creation account.
The dragon is also a symbol of power, strength, and good luck.
The gradient of is then normal to the surface.
There are two forms of the chain rule applying to the gradient.
The notation is also commonly used for the gradient.
It is named after German mathematician and physicist Carl Friedrich Gauss.
One gauss is defined as one maxwell per square centimeter.
Glacial abrasion is commonly characterized by glacial striations.
Glacial ice is the largest reservoir of fresh water on Earth.
Topographical features and computer models indicate the existence of more glaciers in Mars' past.
In the first they were warned not to attack James.
They then went in procession to the great gate at Whitehall.
At first William welcomed the promise of a less pro-French policy.
Later orthographic divergence has resulted in standardised pluricentristic orthographies.
Irish is one of the Republic of Ireland's two official languages along with English.
Its historical range was much larger.
Divine elements "fall" into the material realm, and are locked within human beings.
Especially the "Gospel of Thomas" has a significant amount of parallel sayings.
Plato's use of "learned" is fairly typical of Classical texts.
Jeremiah Jones supposed that there were no fragments extant.
Some Islamic organizations cite it in support of the Islamic view of Jesus.
Allah was ever Mighty, wise.
Known as "the father of mineralogy", he was born at Glauchau in Saxony.
His popularity was, however, short-lived.
The delay is thought to be due to the book's many woodcuts.
He made his way into the heartland of the Cherusci.
Both the armies of the Lower and Upper Rhine had returned to order.
His wife Placina was absolved.
Alberoni took priest's orders, and afterwards accompanied the son of his patron to Rome.
France launched an invasion of eastern Spain while the British successfully raided Vigo.
The powerful influence of his family opened him a public career early in life.
Albornoz missed only Bologna to complete his rebuilding of the Papal States.
He wrote in French and English in addition to his native Italian.
In the film, his name is seen as Girolamo Aleander.
For a number of years he lived in Genoa.
Elsewhere in Europe, he designed churches and palaces in France, Germany and Flanders.
He published works in Chinese on a variety of topics.
Usually no chlorine is added.
Most German breads are made with sourdough.
Besides noodles, potatoes are common.
Dining out is common in Greece, and has been for quite some time.
Common dessert ingredients include nuts, honey, fruits, and filo pastry.
Fish dishes are common in coastal regions and on the islands.
There is much discussion of this theme among scholars.
There is no agreement on the structure of Mark.
In Hellenistic culture the same phrase meant a "divine man", a supernatural being.
Luke's understanding of Jesus - his Christology - is central to his theology.
Luke has both expanded Mark and corrected his grammar and syntax-Mark wrote poor Greek.
Each founder taught authoritatively, appeared to witnesses after death, and ascended to heaven.
The first narrative section begins.
Jesus is crucified as king of the Jews, mocked by all.
In this gospel, John is not called the Baptist.
There are also some discrepancies between John and the synoptics, some amounting to contradictions.
The Gospel of John is anonymous.
Cleveland's reputation as an opponent of corruption proved the Democrats' strongest asset.
The Pullman Strike had a significantly greater impact than Coxey's Army.
He was born and died in Rome.
Being intended for the Church, he obtained a benefice in the cathedral of Fermo.
As Andrea Adami wrote, Allegri was regarded as singularly pure and benevolent.
They co-headlined a tour with Candlebox.
He had two younger siblings: Diane and Robert.
Ramsey, however, would not be swayed and selected Hurst for the final.
Hurst is also one of the few footballers who have been knighted.
Johannes Calderinus was his student and later his adoptive son.
Thus there may have been several generations of Galilean-mass satellites in Jupiter's early history.
In warmer Europa a thinner more easily broken crust formed.
Europa is primarily made of silicate rock and likely has an iron core.
This move proved to be a turn-off to all other than her devoted fans.
"I couldn't believe they were burying this monster hit on the B-side", says King.
The song has become something of an anthem of female emancipation.
He was a member of the United States Atomic Energy Commission.
He currently teaches at Aish HaTorah College of Jewish Studies.
The couple have five children.
The writers Plautus and Lucian also wrote stories about haunted houses.
In the Akan conception, we witness five parts of the human personality.
If they did not, the ghosts could inflict misfortune and illness on the living.
Geneva is the main media centre for French-speaking Switzerland.
The canton has only a long border with the rest of Switzerland.
Geneva is home to the University of Geneva.
He reviewed poetry for "The Times" and wrote one novel.
Hopkins uses parched roots as a metaphor for despair.
The language of Hopkins's poems is often striking.
Therefore, "trans" isomers have a less exothermic heat of combustion, indicating higher thermochemical stability.
This phenomenon is called the "cis effect".
In these cases, the "cis" isomer is more stable than the "trans" isomer.
Not much work over a three year period.
Peppard financed it, and played in it.
It was a massive hit.
The following types do not have paper logs.
They are listed exclusively on opencaching.us.
The character generation system involves players rolling completely random characters.
It houses new campuses from ten higher education institutions.
It is also very close to Guangzhou Baiyun Airport.
The tensions of the massive strikes and protests led to the Shakee Massacre.
Otherwise, a simple "-s" ending is usual.
Greek isopsephy, Arabic abjad numerals, and English gematria.
Rabbi Elazar Rokeach often used multiplication, instead of addition, for the above-mentioned methods.
What is primary is the Torah.
The show was not recorded but the set list has been preserved.
Additionally, the former members have also begun or continued their individual projects.
The concerts were simulcast via various media.
Thus we have a groupoid in the algebraic sense.
Let "a", "b", and "c" be elements of "G".
It is mentioned in dance manuals from England, France, Spain, Germany, and Italy.
Lavolta was considered by some dancing masters as an inappropriate dance.
These steps are: right, left, right, left, cadence.
Otherwise, these procedures are performed by vascular surgery specialists.
All general surgeons are trained in emergency surgery.
Pediatric surgery is a subspecialty of general surgery.
In addition, nursing decreases to once every two hours.
Deep, rumbling belches suggest contentment and are heard frequently during feeding and resting periods.
Eastern lowland gorillas will also eat insects, preferably ants.
The second edition book is revised and corrected.
The supplement offers additional rules and options for characters with superpowers.
"The Name of the Doctor" presents images of the Time Lord capital.
These claims prove to be false, leaving the Doctor distraught.
They broadcast a message throughout space and time, the question Doctor Who?
At the Elite level, movements must pass through the handstand.
However, recently, the levels have switched.
The word also refers to the pole used in the sport.
The wings were only long, rendering the bird flightless.
Its ability to dive this deeply reduced competition with other alcid species.
Whalers also lumped the northern and southern birds together under the common name "woggins".
Broos are creatures of chaos.
However, other long-term fans felt that the game fit Glorantha far better than "RuneQuest".
Glorantha is as deep as you want it to be, or not.
Kings general manager Dean Lombardi was also in attendance.
Bailey's family founded the Ace Bailey Children's Foundation in his memory.
In his memory, the Los Angeles Kings named their new mascot "Bailey".
You should not question it.
What expert judgment, in art, could ever bear on the work to come?
Deep sky surveys show that galaxies are often found in groups and clusters.
The first non-visual study of galaxies, particularly active galaxies, was made using radio frequencies.
Clusters of galaxies consist of hundreds to thousands of galaxies bound together by gravity.
His first wife was Faye Maltese.
It was there that he forged a friendship with another aspiring actor, Dustin Hoffman.
The film won Best Picture.
During his childhood, Mendel worked as a gardener and studied beekeeping.
Born Johann Mendel, he took the name Gregor upon entering religious life.
Porteous concluded that Mendel's observations were indeed implausible.
Gi competitors compete under standardized Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu rules.
In combat sports, stand-up grappling usually revolves around successful takedowns and throws.
Grappling is called "dumog" in Eskrima.
George Mason was becoming recognized and acclaimed in all of these spheres.
Mason's security experts study domestic and international security as well as cyber security.
For linguists, grammar refers to cognitive information underlying language use.
Speakers of a language have a set of internalized rules for using that language.
The term "English grammar", therefore, may have several meanings.
The use of "gigabyte" may thus be ambiguous.
This definition is synonymous with the unambiguous unit gibibyte.
Seagate was sued on similar grounds and also settled.
The missing component is known as dark matter and its nature is unknown.
Groups of galaxies are the smallest aggregates of galaxies.
The clusters themselves are often associated with larger, non-gravitationally bound, groups called superclusters.
Lacaille considered them too faint, while Gould thought otherwise.
It is part of a group of ten galaxies.
There are several naked-eye double stars in Grus.
They toppled his statues, demanding that a new emperor be chosen.
It was said that the courtier Calvia Crispinilla was behind his defection from Nero.
Advanced age destroyed his energy, and he was entirely in the hands of favourites.
George's wife died, probably of tuberculosis, the year after.
Despite the tragedy the railway was a resounding success.
She was named Frances after her mother.
The study of graphemes is called graphemics.
Italic and bold face are also allographic.
It erodes very slowly and can mostly withstand the action of water.
There are three classes of components for oxide glasses: network formers, intermediates, and modifiers.
Smaller scale furnaces for specialty glasses include electric melters, pot furnaces, and day tanks.
Such factors include protein structure, post-translational modifications, and amino acid composition.
Unlike denaturing methods, native gel electrophoresis does not use a charged denaturing agent.
Lineker left school with four O Levels.
However, the jury was unable to reach a verdict.
Lineker was equally talented at both football and cricket.
Organization of the plant Golgi depends on actin cables and not microtubules.
Much of the enzymatic processing is post-translational modification of proteins.
This collection of cisternae is broken down into "cis", medial, and "trans" compartments.
She was interred with full military honors in Arlington National Cemetery.
The compiler would convert that code into machine code understood by computers.
If they are they become professional mathematicians, not data processors.
This finding is called the Penn effect.
For more information, see Measures of national income and output.
Suppose also that inflation had halved the value of its currency over that period.
God rises again to life, and thus things are reversed.
Marx plays little-to-no role in these new readings.
Nevertheless, Hegel assumes that his readers are well-versed in Western philosophy.
Both the Prime Minister, John Howard, and Clarence House repudiated the suggestion.
Events surrounding the dismissal remain extremely controversial.
The first Governor-General, the Earl of Hopetoun, was a previous Governor of Victoria.
The rise of nationalism under glasnost also reawakened simmering ethnic tensions throughout the union.
Restrictions on travel were loosened, allowing increased business and cultural contact.
This was followed by multiple challenges to the Soviet Union.
These angles are referred to the local vertical.
In the plane, a Helmert transformation has four parameters; in space, seven.
Highest in the hierarchy were triangulation networks.
This helps to keep the game competitive to the very end.
"Lost Cities" and "Ticket to Ride" soon followed.
Eurogame is a common, though still an imprecise, label.
In particular Lie superalgebras would introduce bosons with the wrong statistics.
Such triplets have not been observed.
Because they are fermions the anti-commutators of the Jordan algebra become commutators.
It also diversified into other utilities by acquiring two small Wisconsin electrical companies.
The remaining smaller operating companies were sold off or transferred into the remaining ones.
Charles "Chuck" Lee was named to succeed Johnson.
General aviation flights range from gliders and powered parachutes to corporate business jet flights.
Aviation accident rate statistics are necessarily estimates.
After achieving some early success, both were assassinated by enemies of these reforms.
In effect, the equestrians replaced senators already serving at the court.
The commission consisted of himself, his father-in-law and his brother Gaius.
Social media has also provided a much faster way to share gossip.
The gossip exposes the secret without warning.
There are many classical guitarists listed as "notable" in their respective epochs.
The correctness of techniques that a guitarist acquires depends on the quality of training.
These left- and right-hand techniques may be intermixed in performance.
The outcome, however, "may prove less horrific than the novel has originally suggested".
Her success attracted many imitators.
Bierce's short stories were in the horrific and pessimistic tradition of Poe.
In Luke, apparently written for gentiles, Jesus is especially concerned with the poor.
Jesus preaches in Jerusalem, launching his ministry with the cleansing of the temple.
Users can name and save paths for reuse.
These color transitions can be applied to large regions or smaller custom path selections.
Gradient plug-ins are also available.
However, such images are computationally more expensive and consequently much slower to generate.
This process is known as image-based lighting.
Well known algorithms for computing global illumination include path tracing, photon mapping and radiosity.
From this, one can extrapolate to obtain other power series.
It is equivalent to the modern formula.
Using calculus, the same area could be found by a definite integral.
There are also many islands, islets and rocks that surround the coast of Crete.
The following are the largest Greek islands listed by surface area.
Bernini would remain in Paris until mid-October.
For Bernini there could be only one Rome.
Martin Opitz established rules for the "purity" of language, style, verse and rhyme.
Normally, Galilee is just referred to as Naphthali.
Both Israeli Druze and Christians have their majorities in the Galilee.
The port city of Haifa serves as a commercial center for the whole region.
Survivors may have settled in Phrygia.
The Moesogoths settled in Thrace and Moesia.
Thus, glycolysis occurs, with variations, in nearly all organisms, both aerobic and anaerobic.
Glycolysis occurs in most organisms in the cytosol of the cell.
How this is performed depends on which external electron acceptor is available.
It cannot possibly be fixed.
Not just modify them-destroy them...That is what I have wanted all my adult life.
These monuments are symbolic of Gernika-Lumo as a city of peace.
All would hold assemblies under local big trees.
Bare-handed pelota games are held at the Santanape court.
He afterwards set up in business as a cabinet-maker.
Gerrit Rietveld's son Wim Rietveld also became a renowned industrial designer.
The neighborhood is home to a huge stock of prairie-style and art deco homes.
Gary is served by the Gary Police Department and the Lake County Sheriff.
Prices for lakefront property are affordable compared with Illinois suburban communities.
Armenia thus became the first nation to adopt Christianity as its official religion.
Gregory narrowly escaped execution with the help of Sopia and Yevtagh, his caretakers.
As a result, his rule is one of religious awe and despotic fear.
Siona is the finished result, and she and her descendants will retain this ability.
Leto tests Siona by taking her out to the middle of the desert.
The site also links into undersea cable lines.
The earth station is powered by the National Grid.
The nearby wind generator farm is not part of the complex.
This principle is itself frequently referred to as Godwin's law.
Or any other politician.
The Packers are the only community-owned franchise in American professional sports.
Donald Driver was named as a third-string wideout on the Pro Bowl roster.
The festival welcomes many foreign hip-hop, rock and electronic music artists every year.
Many students from Gdynia attend also universities located in the Tricity.
Quarks carry three types of color charge; antiquarks carry three types of anticolor.
Gluons may be thought of as carrying both color and anticolor.
The gluon has negative intrinsic parity.
Then God destroys the world through the Flood.
Jacob calls his sons to his bedside and reveals their future before he dies.
Then God sends a great flood to wipe out the rest of the world.
Its influence also helped define modern German culture.
At the same time, a new generation of cultural creators emerged.
Antisemitic parties were formed but soon collapsed.
When news of this reached Silvanus, he demanded the spoils be sent to him.
In the East, Valerian was confronted with serious troubles.
It also doubled as a winter coat for wearers.
Gambesons were produced with a sewing technique called quilting.
In late fifteenth century Italy this also became a civilian fashion.
Kabul is the capital and largest city of Afghanistan, located in the Kabul Province.
At its narrowest point it is only wide.
In the absence of monsoon influences there are steadier weather indications than in India.
Grand juries were once common across Canada.
It has therefore been perceived as a way to combat misfeasance in public officials.
The grand jury was established for Cape Town alone.
Hunting shotguns are the most commonly licensed weapons.
Handguns can only be used for sport-shooting and hunting.
He pled guilty and was given a six-month conditional sentence.
The Mount Korab is with the highest point of the country.
However, Albania is host to four lagoons.
The areas are dominated by Bosnian pines, European beech, Coppicing forest, and Alder forest.
If the object is a vector space we have a "linear representation".
In general, algebraically closed fields are easier to handle than non-algebraically closed ones.
The most important case is the field of complex numbers.
In Gardner's own words, Witchcraft doesn't pay for broken windows!
A partial summary of publicly known Wiccan descendants from Gardner is available here.
Doreen Valiente, a Gardnerian High Priestess, revealed that there were more than one.
Several countries define their local time by reference to Greenwich Mean Time.
This byte stream is stored in the file as a series of "sub-blocks".
The disagreement over the pronunciation led to heated Internet debate.
Further patents were obtained in the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Italy, Japan and Canada.
Egan is a multiple Seiun Award winner.
He has been active on the issue of asylum seekers' mandatory detention in Australia.
Egan is a vegetarian.
Inside, the barrels of gunpowder were discovered hidden under piles of firewood and coal.
One of these spies, Captain William Turner, may have been responsible.
The "guy" is normally created by children, from old clothes, newspapers, and a mask.
Later messages became more intricate.
Weird Al Yankovic made a song parody of the virus titled "Virus Alert".
Delete it immediately.
Instead, he chooses to write from multiple viewpoints.
Their second son, Gen, was born a year later.
The film also shows archival photographs and film of Snyder's life.
Some outlets have described controversial video journalist James O'Keefe as a gonzo video journalist.
Nobody had bothered to say.
He wrote, "But what "was" the story?
Large molars crush and grind fibrous plant material.
Pandas rely primarily on spatial memory rather than visual memory.
It has black fur on its ears, eye patches, muzzle, legs, arms and shoulders.
It is an Italianized musical term derived from the French "glisser", to glide.
In some contexts it is distinguished from the continuous portamento.
Musical instruments with can effect a portamento over a substantial range.
"Paleotragus" resembled the okapi and may have been its ancestor.
Feeding is at its highest during the first and last hours of daytime.
While neither alone harmed the mice, the combination was able to kill its host.
Some anarcho-capitalists consider Molinari to be the first proponent of anarcho-capitalism.
However, in most languages "guerrilla" still denotes the specific style of warfare.
Not limiting their targets to personnel, enemy resources are also preferred targets.
Take B for example.
Our languages allow constant, function and relation symbols.
It is a traditional breakfast dish.
The Ilium Works is the setting for the short story "Deer in the Works".
However, this plan fell through as a result of the recession.
Harrison explained: "Most of the stuff will be what I produce".
McCartney stated that he and Harrison usually shared a bedroom while touring.
Rodriguez commented: "Even to the end of George's days, theirs was a volatile relationship".
Both have magnetic fields that are sharply inclined to their axes of rotation.
There are smaller structures as well: spots of different sizes and colors.
Massive solid planets can also exist.
She is mentioned in the first chapter of the Book of Proverbs.
The Goddess I presided over eroticism, human procreation, and marriage.
Agneya or Aagneya is the Hindu Goddess of Fire.
Most are identified as "German poets", but some are not German.
Neither the use of graphite nor sodium nitrate was new.
The explanation for the wide variety in formulation relates to usage.
For the most powerful black powder, meal powder, a wood charcoal, is used.
Kildall's colleagues recall him as creative, easygoing, and adventurous.
He bought one of the processors and began writing experimental programs for it.
He is manipulative.
It is also in this summary that the name "Gesta Danorum" is found.
With the help of printer Jodocus Badius, "Gesta Danorum" was refined and printed.
The text has, however, survived.
The show's eclectic music was a major divergence from the station's usual classical fare.
Being a responsible adult doesn't necessarily mean speaking slowly about tomatoes.
He defeated them.
Galatia declined and fell at times under Pontic ascendancy.
As such, they are the essential basis of all valid deductive inferences.
Generalization is meant to be context-specific.
During this time, she also appeared in the Blondie music video for Atomic.
After treatment, she got a job in a clothing store, which she eventually quit.
Everyone loved her look so much that they gladly saw me.
The injury did not heal well, and Puccini remained under treatment for months.
Toscanini, then the musical director of the Met, conducted.
The performance was enough of a success that Casa Ricordi purchased the opera.
Between his "Wind" chores, the director assisted with other projects.
I have to work with a real man.
He left school shortly afterwards.
Thus a resin can be tailored to a particular toxic group.
Later, the discovery of polycarbonate allowed for gas masks with a large full-face window.
After a mask is fitted, it is often tested by various challenge agents.
Thus a tradition was created for oratorios which was to govern their future performance.
There he met the composers Johann Mattheson, Christoph Graupner and Reinhard Keiser.
Argentine composer Luis Gianneo composed his "Variations on a Theme by Handel" for piano.
A five-part psalm for three choirs was sung at the funeral.
He spent most of his career in the city.
Palestrina's masses show how his compositional style developed over time.
One derivation of the formula for group velocity is as follows.
Eventually, the wave packet gets stretched out.
It has pillars of gold and is roofed with silver.
Orbits and stabilizers are closely related.
See semigroup action.
This action is not canonical.
The final or file is usually called a tarball.
Various implementations of the program have been written.
The 'g' in this specific version stands for "gratis".
Researchers are also actively exploring the use of xenon as an anaesthetic.
The interpretation of the Overton and Meyer finding has been challenged and discredited.
Liquid anaesthetics are vapourised in the machine.
Both Caxton editions carry the equivalent of manuscript authority.
When it is vocalised, most scholars pronounce it as a schwa.
Chaucer is sometimes considered the source of the English vernacular tradition.
This led to a split in the coven, with Valiente and others leaving.
The charter itself was written in Gardner's handwriting and only signed by Crowley.
Instead he decided to return to Cyprus.
The "Talk" co-hosts dressed in costumes to commemorate their special guests' arrivals.
He is a loving, generous, and authentic seeker of God's truth.
I called Patti.
This file is sometimes called a "gophermap".
Item type is an error code for exception handling.
A one-character code indicates what kind of content the client should expect.
A general election day may also include elections for local officials.
Elections to some State Legislative Assemblies may be held along with the Parliamentary Elections.
Likewise, not all organisms that look alike necessarily have the same genotype.
One's genotype differs subtly from one's genomic sequence.
Only females can be a carrier in which the abnormality is not displayed.
Some of his concerts were captured on record.
Hengeveld was a professor at the Royal Conservatory of The Hague.
He gave regular concerts in the Concertgebouw in Amsterdam.
His reign was marked by ineffective governance during the Thirty Years' War.
He was the father of Frederick William, the "Great Elector".
Whereas Ducal Prussia remained mostly untouched.
This could also include artwork used for T-shirts and other items screenprinted for sale.
The printing press made books more widely available.
Newspapers, magazines, blogs, television and film documentaries may use graphic design.
Today these rifts and faults are seen as distinct, although connected.
The junction of these three rifts is called the Afar Triple Junction.
In Kenya, the valley is deepest to the north of Nairobi.
His apparent attempts to move and get up thoroughly horrified bystanders.
There may have been a ninth child, Feodosiya.
There she worked as a dancer and then a tiger-trainer in a circus.
Another unscientific term for semi-precious gemstones used in art history and archaeology is hardstone.
The first characteristic a gemologist uses to identify a gemstone is its chemical composition.
Only a bare outline of his life survives, although some facts are known.
He was born in Oudewater, now located in the province of Utrecht.
David was one of the town's leading citizens.
This allows the user to retain his or her information after switching handsets.
The coverage area of each cell varies according to the implementation environment.
As patents subsequently expire, however, those features can be added into the open-source version.
Its content is mainly literary, with a small chess component of key unannotated games.
Kasparov assumed a leadership role.
The top half of the disk is red, the bottom half is white.
Little came of this effort.
Today, Greenlanders display both the "Erfalasorput" and the "Dannebrog"-often side-by-side.
Legal dogma assumes a place in between.
Upon this notion was based the Radbruch formula, which is still vigorously debated today.
During the Nazi period, he devoted himself primarily to cultural-historical work.
Other terms for gate include yett and port.
Today, many gate doors are opened by an automated gate operator.
Consequently, the "mystery" of the formula has long dominated the research into Greek fire.
Although the text contains some inaccuracies, it clearly identifies the main component as naphtha.
The substance was pressurized by the heat and the usage of a force pump.
"Garbage in, gospel out" is a more recent expansion of the acronym.
Thirty-eight countries took part in the round.
This Act gave the President the widest-ever negotiating authority.
Twenty-six countries took part in the round.
Expression of the two subunits together leads to plasma membrane expression of functional receptor.
Further effect depends on the type of G protein.
It can also regulate specific gene expression, cellular secretion, and membrane permeability.
Both constants can be modified by special regulatory proteins.
These are small monomeric proteins homologous to Ras.
Heterotrimeric G proteins act as the specific reaction partners of G protein-coupled receptors.
Honorius initially confirmed Eulalius as the legitimate pope.
In the meantime, the two rival popes were ordered to leave Rome.
Placidia was returned to Honorius as part of the peace treaty.
Varying degrees of nationalist or independentist sentiment are evident at the political level.
Several high-speed rail lines are under construction.
They were frequently located at hills, or in seashore cliffs and peninsulas.
There are two classes of G proteins.
Receptor-activated G proteins are bound to the inner surface of the cell membrane.
This is an alternate form of regulation for the G subunit.
Brian Blume persuaded Gygax to allow Brian's brother Kevin to purchase Melvin Blume's shares.
That same year, Gygax was diagnosed with a potentially deadly abdominal aortic aneurysm.
However, neither Gygax nor Kuntz had kept careful or comprehensive plans.
The governor is also tasked with fostering unity and pride.
In this capacity, the governor will issue royal proclamations and sign orders in council.
No modern viceroy has denied Royal Assent to a bill.
The current Governor of Victoria is former judge Linda Dessau, Victoria's first female governor.
Upon appointment, he or she becomes a viceroy.
The Standard is lowered over Government House when the governor is absent from Victoria.
In particular, Shaw's parody of Hitler as "Herr Battler" was considered mild, almost sympathetic.
The Dublin Easter Rising later that month took him by surprise.
Charlotte was increasingly incapacitated by Paget's disease of bone, and he developed pernicious anaemia.
For these applications, more expensive stainless steel is preferred.
Some nails made today are galvanized.
Visible crystallites are rare in other engineering materials, even though they are usually present.
How does one know how others want to be treated?
Psychologically, it involves a person empathizing with others.
The current governor is Andrew Cuomo, a Democrat.
Six New York governors have gone on to serve as vice president.
Basketball is organised by Tolka Rovers.
The Irish National Herbarium is also located at the botanic gardens.
Glasnevin ended up under the jurisdiction of Finglas Abbey.
Baxter in writing on the Sabbath referred to "my dear friend Mr. George Abbot".
Abbot was a lay theologian and scholar.
It was supported by land left to it at Baddesley Ensor.
A globular cluster is sometimes known more simply as a "globular".
Astronomers characterize the morphology of a globular cluster by means of standard radii.
These two populations have been observed in many galaxies, especially massive elliptical galaxies.
He again spent the winter in the Sandwich Islands.
He also missed the Skeena River near Prince Rupert in northern British Columbia.
Years later, as Spanish influence declined, the name was shortened to simply Vancouver Island.
Through the Great Vowel Shift, all Middle English long vowels changed their pronunciation.
The changes are known as the Great Vowel Shift.
To hear recordings of the sounds, click the phonetic symbols.
In modern Greek usage, the name is usually transliterated "Glafkos".
He was ultimately buried in the Anglican parish church at Stanmore, Middlesex.
His mother was Charlotte, youngest daughter of William Baird of Newbyth.
Dissatisfaction as to the course of the war arose in England.
Recent development has been focused on adapting to modern desktop support-library requirements.
Do not believe that open source software is somehow second-class.
However, the reports need to be exported and edited.
Historically, there were many definitions and redefinitions.
Some cowboy hats have been called "ten-gallon" hats.
Historically, gallons of various sizes were used in many parts of Western Europe.
Some countries distribute benefits that are difficult to value.
This is because the Gini coefficient measures relative, not absolute, wealth.
Gini has some mathematical limitations as well.
The Prime Minister nominates cross-party Members of Parliament to an Intelligence and Security Committee.
It was claimed that joining a union would be in conflict with national security.
This order was issued without consultation.
Powers is buried in Arlington National Cemetery as an Air Force veteran.
He was the second born and only male of six children.
We'll find it out anyway.
A similar claim is also made by a number of Rabbinic sources.
And thus concludes, These words prove the falseness of the apocryphal ravings.
This technique has the potential to treat thalassaemia, cystic fibrosis and some cancers.
The polymer molecule is packaged within a "vector", which carries the molecule inside cells.
Further clinical trials were planned.
A notable example is the passive construction.
The evolution of the treatment of case relationships can be circular.
As languages evolve, case systems change.
Thereafter, there was a show trial overseen by Roland Freisler, followed by their execution.
Arrests, torture, and executions were common.
Historically, English used to have a similar verbal paradigm.
The canonical word order in Basque is subject-object-verb.
The similarities in corresponding verb forms may be noticed.
The opening moves show clearly black's advantage.
List of the tournaments occurred and title holders follows.
This is essentially a slightly more elaborate pie rule.
Like the zodiacal light, the gegenschein is sunlight scattered by interplanetary dust.
It was also Humboldt who gave the phenomenon its German name Gegenschein.
Such additional marks constitute glyphs.
In summary, in typography and computing, a glyph is a graphical unit.
Fielding said that he loved his girlfriends dressing him up.
Michael Bibby and Lauren M. E. Goodlad liken the subculture to a bricolage.
My mother was mortified and kept telling me how horrible and ugly I looked.
The radiative efficiencies a and a are not necessarily constant over time.
The term "Grothendieck topology" has changed in meaning.
Grothendieck topologies axiomatize the notion of an open cover.
There are two natural types of functors between sites.
Its format and release date haven't been announced yet.
The video game's soundtrack "Megatech Body" features various electronica artists.
At the time, the platform was almost completely ignored by the gaming press.
But it's loaded with options, including a stylus for direct screen interface.
Sometimes billing time is broken down to every third of a minute.
Newer network equipment can adapt the transfer speed automatically depending on the mobile location.
The following table summarises the options.
The term is used in various Hellenistic religions and philosophies.
Gnosis is a transcendental as well as mature understanding.
This positive usage was to contrast it with how gnostic sectarians used the word.
Corridor plans became universal inside larger houses.
Versions of revived Palladian architecture dominated English country house architecture.
Sir John Summerson gave primacy to the Eyre Estate of Saint John's Wood.
Two are elected at-large.
Industry in Goshen centers around the automotive and Recreational Vehicle business.
Five are elected from individual districts.
He captured both Callipolis and Sestus.
From there, many went to European countries, such as Yugoslavia, where they found refuge.
Lysimachus established his capital Lysimachia here.
The name comes from the Danish bacteriologist Hans Christian Gram, who developed the technique.
Preprint versions contain whichever style the author happened to use.
Dictionaries may use lowercase, uppercase, or both.
Gram-positive bacteria are capable of causing serious and sometimes fatal infections in newborn infants.
Of these two structurally distinct groups of bacteria, monoderms are indicated to be ancestral.
This, however, does not always hold true.
The outer membrane provides these bacteria with resistance to lysozyme and penicillin.
This results in fever, an increased respiratory rate, and low blood pressure.
Other drugs can also be used, significant ones being chloramphenicol, streptomycin, and nalidixic acid.
Greyhounds live most happily as pets in quiet environments.
Greyhounds have higher levels of red blood cells than other breeds.
The name "Greyhound" is generally believed to come from the Old English "grighund".
For the remainder of this article, this identification is assumed.
Rotations and reflections are represented as elements.
The algebra product is called the "geometric product".
He is one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
Benson attended and graduated from Schenley High School.
For details, see English verbs.
Not all languages have tense: tenseless languages include Burmese, Chinese and Dyirbal.
In the Slavic languages, verbs are intrinsically perfective or imperfective.
In Russian, aspect is more salient than tense in narrative.
Yaska also applied this distinction to a verb versus an action nominal.
To explicitly mark aspect, Arabic uses a variety of lexical and syntactic devices.
The rings are not planar, but are twisted in three dimensions.
The suffix "-ose" is a chemical classifier, denoting a carbohydrate.
This negative spiral contributes to pancreatic burnout, and the disease progression of diabetes.
He died in Palo Alto, California, United States.
Functions performed include window definition, window control, and monitoring of keyboard and mouse input.
He later returned to Certaldo.
He also undertook diplomatic missions to Venice and Naples.
Petrarch at that time encouraged Boccaccio to study classical Greek and Latin literature.
Eventually, Victor Hugo's "Hernani" was chosen, with Francesco Maria Piave as librettist.
Verdi adored his wife and children and was devastated by their deaths.
For the first night, official ticket prices were thirty times higher than usual.
They also participate in Anti-Piracy operations.
A number of naval forces have operated in different periods.
These allow researchers to collaborate, working together wherever they are located.
The benzamide antipsychotics-amisulpride, sulpiride-have been shown to bind to this receptor in vivo.
The Healthcare Inspectorate has sales prohibited by the Law on Medicines.
For about two months he served as an in-house tutor to Mocenigo.
In order these are "Heresy", "Prophecy", "Sacrilege", "Treachery" and "Conspiracy".
His movements after this time are obscure.
However, it does not mark a return to a keyboard-heavy sound for the band.
After a period, his mother was transferred to Bergen-Belsen and his father to Dachau.
In school, he first played drums, trumpet and clarinet.
The existence, timing, and terrestrial effects of the Late Heavy Bombardment is still debated.
However, some periods were defined by geologists from other countries.
This theory, known as "Plutonism", stood in contrast to the "Neptunist" flood-oriented theory.
The player must then attempt to compensate and randomize his strategy.
The gambler's fallacy is a deep-seated cognitive bias and therefore very difficult to eliminate.
What is the chance of getting heads the fourth time?
Gilbert Plains railway station receives Via Rail service.
The local newspaper, The Exponent, services both Gilbert Plains and its neighboring town, Grandview.
For Contarini, this duality almost defines the greatness of the Venetian constitution.
Contarini accepted, but in his new position did not exhibit his former independence.
This is apparent in the way both authors treat the chapel of Saint Mark.
Among ancient Greeks, Hippocrates attributed digestion to concoction.
The area along the Indigirka river was known as "the Gulag inside the Gulag".
Concealment of a previous imprisonment was a triable offence.
Petty crimes and jokes about the Soviet government and officials were punishable by imprisonment.
There are two types of radiation readout: counts or radiation dose.
This creates an alpha particle inside the detector and thus neutrons can be counted.
This is the distinctive sound normally associated with hand held or portable Geiger counters.
The Associate Reformed Presbyterian Church has as its highest Church court the General Synod.
See Evangelical Lutheran General Synod of the United States of North America.
Gerrymandering is effective because of the wasted vote effect.
Examples include constituencies in Jonglei, Warrap, South Darfur, and several other states.
Another common variation was to distill in the presence of sulphuric acid.
For example, juniper monoterpenes come from juniper berries.
Similar infusions are possible with other fruits, such as damsons or beach plums.
Like any equal-area projection, it achieves this goal by distorting most shapes.
The projection is named after James Gall and Arno Peters.
Hence the cartographic community viewed Peters's narrative as ahistorical and mean-spirited.
Ethridge departed shortly thereafter.
"Six Days..." was included in "Gimme Shelter", a documentary of the event.
He was replaced by lead guitarist Bernie Leadon, while Hillman reverted to bass.
More recently the term "cigarette boat" has replaced the term "rum-runner".
They are heavy enough to cut through higher waves, although at a slower pace.
Reflecting their racing heritage, accommodations on these five-passengers-or-fewer boats are minimal.
The carpet design reflects the ornate pattern of the roof.
This is where the Council meets formally, featuring Spanish mahogany panelling.
The corridor also leads into the Council Chamber.
Meanwhile, Scarlett dreams of love that has eluded her for so long.
Rhett is remorseful, believing he has killed her.
At Melanie's urging, Ashley takes the job.
Carver is also associated with developing sweet potato products.
George's brother, James, was rushed to safety from the kidnappers.
Carver never married.
In that sense, "to grok" means to load everything into memory for immediate use.
It's all hardware!
The club had a good home-and-away season to finish fourth.
This record score still stands.
Hawthorn won by nine points.
China and India use the same SpectraTime-built atomic clocks in their satellite navigation systems.
It will be available at its full precision to both civil and military users.
The Swiss producer of both onboard clocktypes SpectraTime declined to comment.
The royal couple were then to take an automobile into the city.
However, Potiorek forgot to inform the driver, Leopold Loyka, about this decision.
The six conspirators lined the route.
New School's Sheila Johnson Design Center doubles as a public art gallery.
Many of the neighborhood's streets are narrow and some curve at odd angles.
Guitarist and folk singer Dave Van Ronk lived there for many years.
The building later would be the setting for "Stage Door".
Humor derived from political situations was of particular interest to Kaufman.
Another well-known sketch of his is If Men Played Cards As Women Do.
While working in Nernst's lab, Nernst and Lewis apparently developed a lifelong enmity.
Lewis introduced the thermodynamic concept of activity and coined the term "fugacity".
From the start of his career, Lewis regarded himself as both chemist and physicist.
Thereafter elections were held on even years.
Prior to statehood, there were five governors of the Michigan Territory.
Forty-eight people have been governor of the state.
Gunther draws his sword but Hagen attacks and easily kills him.
On Alberich's urging, he swears to kill Siegfried and acquire the ring.
The fire flares up, and the hall of the Gibichungs catches fire and collapses.
The Mikado has decreed that executions must resume without delay in Titipu.
Nevertheless, the piece was profitable, and the reviews were not all bad.
When "Ruddigore" closed, no new opera was ready.
Jon's parents have twice visited Jon, Garfield, and Odie in the city.
Irma's Diner is another occasional setting.
Consider that Jon, according to Garfield canon, cannot hear his cat's thoughts.
He later described realising he was homosexual as "an important moment in my life".
The Rolling Stones also sent a floral arrangement, saying "Thanks for all the laughs".
Most females show biennial reproduction, although annual births have been reported.
This census is the longest running census of the Pacific Gray Whale.
Within only a couple of seasons, the lagoon was nearly devoid of whales.
Jinn are also quite willing to have amorous affairs with humans.
The jinn frequently occurs as a character or plot element in fiction.
Seven kings of the Jinn are traditionally associated with days of the week.
One third of Gallurese vocabulary is also influenced by Logudorese Sardinian, Catalan, and Spanish.
An excerpt from a hymn dedicated to the Virgin Mary.
The origin and the development of Gallurese are debated.
For the first time I am now free to be myself.
Busey has a daughter named Alectra from a previous relationship.
He was paired with professional dancer Anna Trebunskaya.
This has not been nearly as popular as the gry puzzle.
Lasker says her plant manager heard the question on an unnamed quiz show.
At times other words such as "hybridous" have been accepted.
He was also elected a Senator of Italy.
These were difficult years for Carducci: his father died, and his brother committed suicide.
I know neither truth of God nor peace with the Vatican or any priests.
Historically, the term "glue" only referred to protein colloids prepared from animal flesh.
The meaning has been extended to refer to any fluid adhesive.
There are many adhesive substances that are considered or commonly referred to as "glue".
Little Old Faithful Geyser, in Calistoga, California, is an example.
Several New Zealand geysers have also become dormant or extinct by natural means.
Many of the geysers are located in Haukadalur.
The Gaussian elimination can be performed over any field, not just the real numbers.
Gaussian elimination is numerically stable for diagonally dominant or positive-definite matrices.
These large systems are generally solved using iterative methods.
Currently, Leeward Point Field operates several aircraft and helicopters supporting base operations.
Columbus declared the bay "Puerto Grande".
Prior to "Andromeda" he starred in another science fiction television series, "Deepwater Black".
He's the younger brother of actor Jaimz Woolvett.
Its presence indicates oxidizing conditions.
The crystals thrived in the cave's extremely rare and stable natural environment.
Finally, it may also be granular or quite compact.
They often promote cell differentiation and maturation, which varies between growth factors.
"Growth factor" is sometimes used interchangeably among scientists with the term "cytokine.
Growth factors typically act as signaling molecules between cells.
The comments and examples were written in "Latino sine flexione".
Peano was a key participant, presenting a paper on mathematical logic.
However, it remains a significant contribution to mathematical literature.
In India and other tropical regions, malaria was a persistent problem.
In addition lemons are often more readily available, and cheaper to purchase, than limes.
Alternatively, one can add tonic syrup to soda water.
A gimlet is always a small tool.
A similar tool of larger size is called an auger.
Giving consistent results is not always equal to giving the correct results.
The geometric mean applies only to numbers of the same sign.
However, this reasoning has been questioned.
She was not considered to be a beautiful or even an attractive woman.
The other important early influence in her life was religion.
The essay criticised the trivial and ridiculous plots of contemporary fiction by women.
The same game is unlocked from the start in "Wii Fit Plus".
The term "Guru Meditation Error" originated as an in-house joke in Amiga's early days.
If the player moved too much, a "guru meditation" error occurred.
The maintainer was Jody Goldberg.
Pivot tables and Visual Basic for Applications macros are not yet supported.
For improving the accuracy of Gnumeric, the developers are cooperating with the R Project.
Galeon made use of Gecko's features including configuration options and standards support.
Galeon was widely seen as one of the best Linux browsers available.
Critics noted Galeon's tricky plugin installation.
This configuration allowed higher rates of fire to be achieved without the barrels overheating.
The cam imparted a reciprocating motion to the locks when the gun rotated.
This conversion was principally carried out at the Army's Springfield Armory arsenal repair shops.
There were both structural and intentional causes behind this development.
But this reaction soon turned sour.
Western economic opportunities induced a brain drain.
The commercial and residential developments are mostly around Granville railway station and Parramatta Road.
The suburb is also home to a Cumberland Council branch library.
Taxi ranks can be found just south of the train station.
Apart from that, Telemann remained in Hamburg for the rest of his life.
Bach and Handel bought and studied his published works.
They eventually had nine children together.
The bridge was rebuilt as a single span without any intermediate support piers.
The first carriage broke free from the other carriages.
This additional weight significantly added to the destruction of the wooden train carriages.
The headaches and olfactory hallucinations continued.
Only then did his doctors think that he was suffering from a brain tumor.
His teenage son, Moishe Gershowitz, worked as a leather cutter for women's shoes.
Gender is one of the categories which frequently require agreement.
Gender inflection may interact with other grammatical categories like number or case.
If the noun is explicitly marked, both trigger and target may feature similar alternations.
Another friend of Ives was the English socialist poet Edward Carpenter.
For a homosexual society love between man and women is a non-traditional love.
During this same period, some municipalities have been enacting laws against homosexuality.
Average annual rainfall is low and irregular, ranging from per year.
Only the hardiest of plants can survive in much of this environment.
Human activity has included some mining and nuclear weapons testing.
It would fall under the definition of a "work that uses the Library".
Convicts once lived and worked in the Gosford area.
East Gosford was the first centre of settlement.
Aged and personal care and retail are major employers in Gosford.
Brown was born at the Orchard Maternity Nursing Home in Giffnock, Renfrewshire, Scotland.
He has often said "War is tragic", echoing Blair's quote, "War is horrible".
Under Brown the standard guide to tax doubled in length.
The spacecraft traveled around Jupiter in elongated ellipses, each orbit lasting about two months.
"Galileo" high-gain antenna failed to fully deploy after its first flyby of Earth.
However, not all these effects could be eliminated by distancing the instrument.
According to Terje Stordalen, the Eden in Ezekiel appears to be located in Lebanon.
The idyll of "Naming Day in Eden" was less often depicted.
Circular motifs represent flowers of the garden of Eden.
Sound production that involves moving the vocal folds close together is called "glottal".
The glottis is also important in the valsalva maneuver.
The vibration produced is an essential component of "voiced" consonants as well as vowels.
Dotted circles represent the bearer consonant.
When it is used, it represents the suppression of the inherent vowel.
See the section on vowels for further details.
Geneva's traditional sports rivalry is with Westminster College in nearby New Wilmington, Pennsylvania.
Geneva wanted the state to give the land the college didn't own for free.
Geneva's sports teams are called the Golden Tornadoes.
The interview was published in "Deadline" magazine, home of Hewlett's comic strip, "Tank Girl".
And the screen on stage behind them seemed to get smaller every day.
It also includes function key shortcuts at the bottom of the screen.
Later versions added this feature and improved graphics and other capabilities.
The "Microsoft User Manual" from Microsoft Press also refers to it by this name.
Climatic variations also influence the weathering rate of granites.
A granitic rock with a porphyritic texture is known as a granite porphyry.
Granitoid is a general, descriptive field term for lighter-colored, coarse-grained igneous rocks.
Defections weakened the coalition.
Exxon, and later ExxonMobil, had a leadership role in coalition.
It could be a way of capping our economy.
However, Batman found evidence for conspiracy charges, forcing Loeb to resign his position.
Back alleys, that's where Batman fights all the bad guys.
Born to Russian Jewish immigrants.
This may well have improved the bidding of intermediate players and beginners almost immediately.
The "Chicago Tribune" and the "Daily News" of New York picked up Goren.
The planet Taa existed in the prime pre-Big Bang universe.
Galactus then swears to free the imprisoned Eternity.
More games for both systems are planned for release.
The Game Boy Color also featured an infrared communications port for wireless linking.
In the Ultimate Marvel reality, Genosha has made an appearance.
It is an island south of Madagascar.
Magneto attacks Red Skull, but is quickly stopped by the Skull's S-Men.
There are few large lecture classes.
Concern with social issues, educational innovation, and individual expression continue to shape Grinnell.
The most appropriate word to describe the behavior of those individuals is 'denial'.
He has to act on what is there.
Gregg Easterbrook characterized himself as having "a long record of opposing alarmism".
The Dantzigs immigrated to the United States, where they settled in Portland, Oregon.
Postwar, many industries found its use in their daily planning.
He had prepared one of Dantzig's solutions for publication in a mathematical journal.
Ryman currently lectures in Creative Writing for University of Manchester's English Department.
Much of Ryman's work is based on travels to Cambodia.
In most ferns, gametophyte is a photosynthetic free living organism called a prothallus.
As in animals, female and male gametes are called, respectively, "eggs" and "sperm.
The gametophyte becomes a food storage tissue in the seed.
It overlooks the Lake of Gusana.
The tumbarinu is often accompanied with the pipiolu, the traditional sheppard's fife.
A Roman bridge is submerged beneath the lake.
It is now a tourist destination.
"If Checcha has had enough, so have I," Deledda was quoted as saying.
Deledda continued to write even as she grew older and weaker.
It was the only time Duse appeared in film.
Under wartime pressure, Seaborg had moved to Chicago while engaged to Griggs.
McMillan agreed to the collaboration.
It was named while Seaborg was still alive, which proved controversial.
Its capital is the city of Grosseto.
Lakes include Lago dell'Accesa, Lago di Burano, Lago di San Floriano and Lago Acquato.
The second category contained the force that would eventually bear his name.
A detailed discussion may be found in Dugas.
He married Sarolt, a daughter of an Orthodox Hungarian chieftain.
He was the first Hungarian monarch to support Christian missionaries from Western Europe.
The presence of moisture aids in the shedding.
Some species can change colour and may be lighter in colour at night.
Most gecko species can lose their tails in defense, a process called autotomy.
In the former, contestants may be invited from a pool of public applicants.
Daytime game shows would be played for lower stakes to target stay-at-home housewives.
Grindcore lyrics are typically provocative.
These themes include anti-racism, feminism, anti-militarism, and anti-capitalism.
He was the last of the older Franconia line of the House of Hohenzollern.
Through his mother, he was related to the royal court in Buda.
The Diet of Regensburg was the last religious meeting which he attended.
He is one of the figures on the "Prussian Homage" painting by Jan Matejko.
Today, he is well known for his achievements in algebra.
Cardano was the first mathematician to make systematic use of numbers less than zero.
He used the game of throwing dice to understand the basic concepts of probability.
Intermediate rocks are termed gabbro-norite.
Gabbro is also found as plutons associated with continental volcanism.
Cumulate gabbros are more properly termed "pyroxene-plagioclase adcumulate".
Roddenberry hired Dorothy Fontana, better known as D. C. Fontana, as his assistant.
The judge called that case one "that should never have been".
It was a secular service; Roddenberry had been cremated before the event.
After filming completed, Weaver kept the wig she wore for the part.
Johnson purchased the script and had Bob Gordon rewrite it into "Galaxy Quest".
Stars Weaver and Rockwell mentioned they were interested in returning.
Some of the Sumerian texts spell his name as "Bilgamesh".
Gluten is also used in cosmetics, hair products, and other dermatological preparations.
Wheat glutelins are called glutenin.
Wheat allergy and celiac disease are different disorders.
The scene effectively concludes their story.
And he did, despite his father's protests.
This was the only film Wood directed but did not also produce.
The fake film was "Dog of Norway" featuring "Muki the Wonder Hound".
This film was illustrated using a photo of a co-author's dog.
Lest ye fall into condemnation.
Between these tours, he was imprisoned for more than a year.
On the way he was arrested himself and held at Exeter.
Grant, Morgan, Rookwood, and Wintour were arrested.
Some of the prisoners were reportedly despondent, but others were nonchalant, even smoking tobacco.
They were caught, and then imprisoned in London.
Gelatin also can be prepared in the home.
These operations are concentration-dependent and also dependent on the particular gelatin used.
The gel strength is quantified using the Bloom test.
This gives gelatin its semisolid, gel-like texture.
Other culinary gelling agents can be used instead of animal-derived gelatin.
Vegans and vegetarians can use agar to replace animal-derived gelatin.
Duke George was a member of the Order of the Golden Fleece.
The only one of George's sons then living was the weak-minded and unmarried Frederick.
The minerals are arranged into layers that appear as bands in cross section.
They were used to erect the Sphinx of Taharqo in the Nile Valley.
Gneiss appears to be striped in bands, called "gneissic banding".
Brundtland has attended the Bilderberg meetings.
They had four children; one is now deceased.
This culminated with the signing of the Oslo Accords.
He instead focused his attention on his new duties as coadjutor of Nazianzus.
As Gregory's works circulated throughout the empire they influenced theological thought.
The emperor, determined to eliminate Arianism, expelled Bishop Demophilus.
A literal character and its markup counterpart are considered equivalent and are rendered identically.
It is no longer being developed as a separate standard.
Sometimes Web services or browser manufacturers remedy these shortcomings.
The Trojans cannot bring it to him, as Ajax kills everyone who tries.
Hector pulls out his sword, now his only weapon, and charges.
It can be seen as another way of saying one will die.
The other goddesses present at the birthing on Delos sent Iris to bring her.
She refused the sacrifice because it reflected glory on Heracles.
R. S. P. Beekes has suggested a Pre-Greek origin.
The subsequent balance of power was short-lived, though.
Their culture did not, however, reach very far into the countryside.
At their height, the Assyrians dominated all of the Levant, Egypt, and Babylonia.
The expanding colonial frontiers resulted in a Commercial Revolution.
One result was escalating social tensions in Britain, led by the militant coal miners.
There was an urgent need for new economic directions.
A closely related concept is hold more stubbornly at least, also popularized by Quine.
Since then, the haiku has become a fairly popular form among English-speaking poets.
Shiki's revisionism dealt a severe blow to renku and surviving haikai schools.
Today, haiga artists combine haiku with paintings, photographs and other art.
While in New England, Hawks often attended the theaters in nearby Boston.
Verifiably directed by Howard Hawks.
Hawks admired his intelligence and sense of story.
The tribes became familiar with Roman tactics of warfare while maintaining their tribal identity.
Germany joined the other powers in colonial expansion in Africa and the Pacific.
Political opponents were killed or imprisoned.
Heracles asked Hades for permission to take Cerberus.
His chariot, drawn by four black horses, made for a fearsome and impressive sight.
Hades obtained his wife and queen, Persephone, through abduction at the behest of Zeus.
A sufficiently privileged process can add and remove ids to another process.
No outside process can change the user id of a running program.
Translators can also be used to provide services to the user.
They were called cycles, which was a short term for stories that were similar.
Instead of "romantic comedy" it might be "Boy-meets-girl-boy-loses-girl-boy-gets-girl" cycle.
Health spending is concentrated on a few consumers.
The aim is for the premium income to pay costs.
One key component to healthcare reform is the reduction of healthcare fraud and abuse.
Following "Punch" magazine, Mayhew new launched "Iron Times", a railway magazine.
His brother Horace stayed on the board of Punch until his own death.
At its founding the magazine was jointly edited by Mayhew and Mark Lemon.
Large quantities of are needed in the petroleum and chemical industries.
The universal emergence of atomic hydrogen first occurred during the recombination epoch.
That is why is often called a proton.
The incident was not made public until a week later.
One industrial application for helium is leak detection.
Helium at low temperatures is used in cryogenics, and in certain cryogenics applications.
Hydrocarbons from which one hydrogen atom has been removed are functional groups, called hydrocarbyls.
One of the chlorine atoms displaces a hydrogen atom.
Mycoremediation or breaking down of hydrocarbon by mycellium and mushroom is possible.
The middle halogens, that is chlorine, bromine and iodine, are often used as disinfectants.
Their reactivity is also put to use in bleaching.
Approximately six million metric tons of the fluorine mineral fluorite are produced each year.
The initial page of a website is sometimes called main page as well.
Multiple websites can be set as a start page, to open in different tabs.
Once they are logged in, the homepage may be redirected to their profile page.
It provided picture stories for songs.
Sheb Wooley, one of the original cast members, wrote the show's theme song.
"The video material was a very workable production item for the show," he wrote.
Octal represents data as three bits per character, rather than four.
Its purpose is to illustrate the above algorithm.
In hex mode, however, the Windows Calculator supports only integers.
Histograms are sometimes confused with bar charts.
Thus varying the bin-width within a histogram can be beneficial.
This version shows proportions, and is also known as a unit area histogram.
It is located in the hills of the Teutoburg Forest.
The Legislature meets at the State Capitol.
Its capital is Honolulu on the island of Oahu.
Their music is largely religious in nature, and includes chanting and dance music.
Kansai style has a relatively modest decorations unpainted.
There are several hearse clubs.
In Singapore, the grand hearse is built with a lorry chassis.
The President holds the title of commander-in-chief of the nation's armed forces.
Nearly all of these were murdered.
Many of its classic patterns are still in production.
Carlyle's invented style was epic poetry combined with philosophical treatise.
During the Renaissance, history was written about states or nations.
R. H. Tawney was an early historian working in this tradition.
The kingdom had no permanent capital city.
The Emperor had to be male and of noble blood.
Peasants were increasingly required to pay tribute for their lands.
Various community organizers and marketers promote odd social media holidays.
Celtic, Norse, and Neopagan holidays follow the order of the Wheel of the Year.
Some are closely linked to Swedish festivities.
They spent more time to pursue interests that brought them satisfaction.
Volunteers commit to organisations where they work as guides, counsellors, gardeners and so on.
Indoor gardens are sometimes incorporated into air conditioning or heating systems.
In the south on the island of Goeree-Overflakkee, Zealandic is spoken.
Holland is situated in the west of the Netherlands.
Holland is protected from the sea by a long line of coastal dunes.
The Bell Beaker culture was also present in the Netherlands.
The Holy Roman Empire was not able to maintain political unity.
They regarded themselves as allies of Switzerland.
He wrote, And so what we get, finally, is a movie of attitudes.
Colin Higgins later adapted the story into a stage play.
She restates her firm belief that eighty is the proper age to die.
Bourdieu's principle of habitus is interwoven with the concept of structuralism in literary theory.
For example, "Marfanoid bodily habitus".
Extreme pain may also be felt at or around the site.
In the blood, oxygen is bound to hemoglobin, a protein in red blood cells.
Intense debate continues among scholars.
Revisionist scholars led by historian Elizabeth A. R. Brown have rejected the term.
The portrayal of these events has since been revised, avoiding the word discovery.
The refinery continues to operate today.
Comprising the officers were the factors, masters and chief traders, clerks and surgeons.
Eventually, the two met and received the sponsorship of Prince Rupert.
The Morgan's logo was changed to match the new visual identity.
This drastically altered the scale of warfare and the numbers of troops involved.
Quickly, the phalanx formation and hoplite armour became widely used throughout Ancient Greece.
Many famous personalities, philosophers, artists, and poets fought as hoplites.
Barbary pirates from North Africa became an increasing problem.
The resource-rich colonies of Spain thus caused large cash inflows for the country.
The peninsular campaign was a disaster for France.
He is still remembered as one of the key figures of Turkey.
An operation was planned, with Baku being the initial target.
The government became plagued by high inflation and a massive debt.
The chief Qadi there was recognized for having the final religious authority.
This only added to Baghdad's disorder.
Thereafter, Al-Muwaffaq ruled in all but name.
In earlier times, Indo-European elements may still be clearly discerned.
Settlement of the Hittites progressed in the Empire period.
Hittite religion and mythology were heavily influenced by their Hattic, Mesopotamian, and Hurrian counterparts.
Not only do hormones influence behavior, but also behavior and the environment influence hormones.
As hormones are defined functionally, not structurally, they may have diverse chemical structures.
Such a mechanism depends on factors that influence the metabolism and excretion of hormones.
Around two million Hammond organs have been manufactured.
The Hammond organ makes technical compromises in the notes it generates.
Hammond modified their interface connectors to be "Leslie-proof", but Leslie quickly engineered a workaround.
Not all tests are checked on every patient.
In the elderly, hypoglycemia can produce focal stroke-like effects or a hard-to-define malaise.
The glucose level that defines hypoglycemia is variable.
The municipal seat is in bold characters.
His group went to neutral Sweden and the Netherlands to meet with peace activists.
Although greatly modernized, the museum continues today.
With Ford gone, Murphy renamed the company the Cadillac Automobile Company.
The society has long supported geographic research and education on geographical topics.
The subject matter investigated is strongly influenced by the researcher's methodological approach.
Health geography deals with the spatial relations and patterns between people and the environment.
The climate is tropical, with some variation depending on altitude.
Some men of color were admitted into the military.
The same junta that had assumed power after the fall of Lescot reinstalled itself.
Most were denied entry to the United States and repatriated back to Haiti.
His tenure paralleled that of Vincent in many ways.
Haiti is positioned between the Caribbean Sea and the North Atlantic Ocean.
Haiti is subject to periodic droughts and floods, made more severe by deforestation.
The climate is tropical with some variation depending on altitude.
About one of every six Haitians live abroad.
English is increasingly spoken among the young and in the business sector.
The language handicap makes education and furthermore, political enfranchisement almost impossible.
However, French is still the main language taught in schools and used in politics.
Most came from the United States.
Because Haiti's forests have thinned dramatically, timber exports have declined.
Lime and aggregates and to a lesser extent marble are extracted.
Teleco was constantly hobbled by political interference which affected its performance.
The independent media are active and express a wide variety of views without restriction.
Defamation carries both criminal and civil penalties.
It has not had any known railroad operations in Haiti.
Today throughout the island, motorcycles are widely used as a form of taxi.
Mawson Peak and McDonald Island are the only two active volcanoes in Australian territory.
With no population, there is no indigenous economic activity.
Many species reported from Heard Island are found elsewhere.
It instead operates under a different set of laws "sede vacante".
Three tribunals exercise judicial power.
The Pope governs the Catholic Church through the Roman Curia.
Several Latin American nations including Mexico temporarily severed diplomatic relations with Honduras.
The anthem is composed of a choir and seven stroonduran.
Despite the failure of this coup, American elites became concerned over Honduran instability.
Rivers also define about half of Honduras's international borders.
Numerous other rivers drain the interior highlands and empty north into the Caribbean.
With the exception of the Lenca and the Ch'orti' they still keep their language.
There is also a small Chinese community in Honduras.
Also, these gang round-ups have led to the overcrowding of the prison system.
He is credited with a major push to improve the country's transportation infrastructure.
Honduran electrification is low and uneven relative to other countries in Latin America.
Most of the rest of Honduras's imports come from its Central American neighbors.
Problems in the agricultural sector have fueled urbanization.
The constitution and law generally prohibit arbitrary interference with privacy, family, home, or correspondence.
Broadband Internet access is also common.
All major media have an Internet presence.
The military is now far below its authorized strength, and further reductions are expected.
The treaty awaits legal ratification in both countries.
In response, Lobo defended his intention "from a moral point of view".
Sports in Hong Kong are a significant part of its culture.
Hong Kong has carried many nicknames.
March and April can be pleasant although there are occasional spells of high humidity.
Landslides are common after a rainstorm.
There are lowlands in the northern part of Hong Kong.
Of these, many originate from various regions in Canton.
Some Cantonese people also originate from Hakka-speaking villages in the New Territories.
The move has been qualified "Too little, too late" by pan-democrats in general.
See British nationality law and Hong Kong for details.
There are two major blocs: the democratic camp and the pro-government camp.
Hong Kong has also had an abundant supply of labour from the regions nearby.
Hong Kong is a full Member of World Trade Organization.
Examples include the Cyberport and the Hong Kong Disneyland.
Television provides the major source of news and entertainment for the average family.
There is some monitoring of the Internet.
There are no foreign ownership restrictions.
Two of the routes operated by the Star Ferry are franchised.
The container port in Hong Kong is one of the busiest in the world.
Most ferry services are provided by licensed ferry operators.
Many foreign dignitaries visit Hong Kong each year.
Most countries maintain Consulates-General or Consulates in Hong Kong.
During these visits, the Chief Executive will meet with political and business leaders.
E. Netcher of the "Isabella" informed Captain Taylor of its discovery.
The island habitat has suffered from the presence from multiple invasive exotic species.
The atoll has no economic activity.
Distribution and frequency of rainfall are unpredictable.
The region consists mostly of rolling hills.
The country's best natural resource is fertile land, although soil quality varies greatly.
The present day location of each area is given in parenthesis.
Most of them must have arrived from Volga Bulgaria and Khwarezm.
They were most numerous in the county of Tolna.
Note: with restructruring and reorganization, this information may change even within a governmental period.
Members of the National Assembly are elected for four years.
The target date for adapting the Euro has not been fixed, either.
The new economic and social orders created private ownership of land.
The most important tools for the agriculture were the plow and the ox.
The only city with an underground railway system is Budapest with its Metro.
It is the oldest electrified underground railway system on the European continent.
One soldier was killed in action due to a roadside bomb in Iraq.
This included agricultural goods and industrial machinery as well as raw materials.
The Hungarian economy is fairly open and relies strongly on international trade.
These renounce all outstanding territorial claims and lay the foundation for constructive relations.
The book edition appeared later the same year, and soon gained international renown.
During the coffin's transit, solemn memorial ceremonies were held in a number of cities.
The marriage was reportedly a happy one.
Surface water flow can include flow both in recognizable river channels and otherwise.
Aquifers are also described in terms of hydraulic conductivity, storativity and transmissivity.
Higher temperatures reduce viscosity, increasing infiltration.
In contrast, Himmler was honest in matters of money and business.
End-user adoption of the new browsers was rapid.
Therefore, careless or deliberate programming can cause non-trivial changes on the server.
When "Content-Length" is missing the length is determined in other ways.
Hertz's daughters never married and he has no descendants.
He observed that the maximum spark length was reduced when in the box.
He placed the apparatus in a darkened box to see the spark better.
See aleph number and beth number and gimel function.
The plosive and double pronunciations were indicated by the "dagesh".
The descriptions that follow are based on the pronunciation of modern standard Israeli Hebrew.
Why really, Mr. Montagu, this is not pleasant!
Gray went to Venice, leaving Walpole at Reggio.
Walpole's sexual orientation has been the subject of speculation.
Engdahl was member of the "Kris" editorial staff.
Engdahl was born in Karlskrona, Blekinge, Sweden.
Hebrew is the most widely spoken language in Israel today.
A number of reading traditions have been preserved in liturgical use.
The literary and narrative use of Hebrew was revived beginning with the Haskalah movement.
Hollywood directors and producers found ample opportunity for audience exploitation through gimmicks.
Horror may also overlap with the fantasy, supernatural fiction and thriller genres.
Both "The Shining" and "Poltergeist" involve horror being based on real-estate values.
They attended Taft High School.
On the release date of the album, Everlast announced his departure from the group.
Danny Boy founded an art company.
Some monarchical states call this procedure "royal assent".
A head of state may seize power by force or revolution.
These traits arise from the interaction of its genotype with the environment.
In plants, polyploidy must be included in any view of speciation.
These traits can be traced on a single locus.
These years mark the beginning of his interest in a possible reformation of society.
This would be the beginning of Herbert George Wells's venture into literature.
"The Island of Doctor Moreau" is even darker.
The project continued at Autodesk for four years, but no product was released.
The term "hypertext" is often used where the term "hypermedia" might seem appropriate.
There are various forms of hypertext, each of which are structured differently.
Harald Alvestrand is the Executive Director of the "Linux Counter Organization".
You're stealing my idea!
Platt claims that Ellison has often publicly boasted about the incident.
He won his other Nebula in the novella category.
He was born in Harburg upon Elbe and died in Munich.
He was married to Clara Sombart, a daughter of Werner Sombart.
Prions are misfolded proteins which replicate by converting their properly folded counterparts.
Part of the lanthanide series, holmium is a rare earth element.
The result of that effort was two new materials, one brown and one green.
Like all other rare earths, holmium is not naturally found as a free element.
Halogens react with it to form hafnium tetrahalides.
The metal is resistant to concentrated alkalis.
Furthermore, the low abundance and difficult separation techniques necessary make it a scarce commodity.
Sightseeing buses connect these points of interest.
Visitors descending from those overseas emigrants may search for their ancestors at computer terminals.
Singer Nena also lives in Hamburg.
Epicurus was an atomic materialist, following in the steps of Democritus and Leucippus.
However, in average, they can become much happier than modern humans.
Some writings by Epicurus have survived.
According to some scholars, a third division, the Anthropocene, has now begun.
Climate has been fairly stable over the Holocene.
The region continues to rise, still causing weak earthquakes across Northern Europe.
In contrast, a natural harbor is surrounded on several sides by prominences of land.
Many such harbors are rias.
Examples of natural harbors include Sydney Harbour, Australia and Trincomalee Harbour in Sri Lanka.
In Italian, has no phonological value.
It is, however, a feature of Hiberno-English.
With a bar, minuscule is used for a voiceless pharyngeal fricative.
Opinion is divided as to which way up the horseshoe ought to be nailed.
People who do not understand the horse's foot will not trim the hoof correctly.
They also tend to live in arid steppe climates.
Globulin is metabolised into amino acids that are then released into circulation.
The sculpture was made from glass and weathering steel.
The resulting molecule is often referred to as Hb A.
The province was pacified once more.
England was more than self-sufficient in cereals, dairy products, beef and mutton.
These saboteurs were known as "Luddites".
Clubbing, a deformity of the fingers and fingernails, is also known as Hippocratic fingers.
Hippocrates was credited by the disciples of Pythagoras of allying philosophy and medicine.
The drink hypocras is also believed to be invented by Hippocrates.
Gilbert kept a journal, which he later published as "Nuremberg Diary".
Fourteen Nazis and four policemen were killed; many top Nazis, including Hitler, were arrested.
It is a grey-leaved herbaceous perennial plant, and grows to tall.
The second element was altered by folk etymology.
Several modern scientific studies have been conducted on the usefulness of horehound.
More frequent bowel movements may occur, and diarrhea is common.
This may be a thyroid carcinoma.
Thyroid storm presents with extreme symptoms of hyperthyroidism.
Updates or corrections to a resource are then reflected in any referencing documents.
Some hypertext systems, including Ted Nelson's own Xanadu Project, support transclusion.
Proxy servers may employ transclusion to reduce redundant transmissions of commonly requested resources.
One application of digital watermarking is source tracking.
Both authors created distinctive, singular worlds of fantasy and employed archaisms in their writings.
Lovecraft frequently dealt with the idea of civilization struggling against dark, primitive barbarism.
August Derleth in particular added to and expanded on Lovecraft's vision, not without controversy.
The Greuthingi under the leadership of Alatheus and Saphrax also marched to the river.
Uldin then proceeded to ransack Thrace.
With his brother gone, Attila was able to establish undisputed control over his subjects.
Yeah I think so!
Thus, the character of Glen never came into being.
Casting immediately contacted the other actor considered for the role, Earl Hindman.
There is no historical source describing the decades that followed Agricola's recall.
Roman towns can be broadly grouped in two categories.
This list includes only names documented from Roman times.
The incidence of hemiplegia is much higher in premature babies than term babies.
Both physical and occupational therapy can significantly improve the quality of life.
Drugs like Librium or Valium could be used as a relaxant.
In addition to this, Bergson can hardly be considered a pragmatist.
In it, he expressed sympathetic appreciation of James's work, together with certain important reservations.
He also gave courses in Clermont-Ferrand on the Pre-Socratics, in particular on Heraclitus.
Charlotte Gerson considers him the first to demonstrate the existence of biological stress.
He often visited Hungary, giving lectures as well as interviews in Hungarian television programs.
His father a doctor moved back to Budapest with his Austrian wife.
The "Jargon File" hence calls him "a true hacker who blundered".
I have watched kids testifying before Congress.
In special forms, that can even be an expression of playful cleverness.
He falls very ill, himself near death.
He then gives Kurtz's report to a journalist, for publication if he sees fit.
The journey pauses for the night about eight miles below the Inner Station.
Hindu society has been categorised into four classes, called "varnas".
Other styles include cave, forest and mountain temples.
The sacrificed animal is eaten as ritual food.
Help Desk able to handling and prioritize all escalate tickets and requests.
A typical help desk can effectively perform several functions.
Some target the enterprise level help desk and some target departmental needs.
Bordeaux came from a family of lawyers of Savoy.
Then he returned to practice law in Savoy.
Loyalty is pervasive, and it applies to family, country and God.
Gout, asthma, cirrhosis of the liver and other afflictions made him use crutches.
He also contributed a number of works to journals of the day.
He wrote for Tory periodicals, usually under the name "Captain Hercules Vinegar".
During the Nazi regime, anti-Semitism was a cause of hate related violence in Canada.
A hate crime law is a law intended to deter bias-motivated violence.
The government does not track hate crime statistics, although they are relatively rare.
Some of the travelogues, such as "In Sweden", even contain fairy-tales.
Andersen was often shy around women and had extreme difficulty in proposing to Lind.
Andersen's mother, Anne Marie Andersdatter, was an uneducated washerwoman.
John Dover Wilson thought it almost certain that the figure of Polonius caricatured Burghley.
Hamlet's soliloquies have also captured the attention of scholars.
A. L. Rowse speculated that Polonius's tedious verbosity might have resembled Burghley's.
In particular, there has never been an original "Proto-High German".
What follows should be used with care in the light of this caveat.
His style could alternate between, or combine, lush romanticism and humorous grotesquery.
Both novels have been re-issued in the Ballantine Adult Fantasy series.
At first correspondents, Bok and Petaja soon became close friends.
He found Ffion Jenkins, and later married her.
My fathers can have it!
It was a translation of the Welsh original, "Aros Mae".
Later in life he started a successful career as a painter.
I'll be seeing you.
He left a note, stating Party on.
In algebra, epimorphisms are often defined as surjective homomorphisms.
Every localization is a ring epimorphism, which is not, in general, surjective.
For a detailed discussion of relational homomorphisms and isomorphisms see.
For example, buttons are a type of object, and come in standard styles.
During this period, HyperCard began losing market share.
All objects can be named or renamed, as in the example above.
Biological tissue has little inherent contrast in either the light or electron microscope.
These are not always present in normal tissue and can come from outside sources.
Arion flung himself into the water, and a dolphin carried him to shore.
Herodotus clearly writes as both historian and teller of tales.
Herodotus did not claim to have personally seen the creatures which he described.
They later applied these methodologies to other historical figures in the Islamic civilization.
Members included Christopher Hill, Eric Hobsbawm and E. P. Thompson.
This has led to Gibbon being called the first "modern historian".
The firm moved from its office in Offenbach to Berlin.
Two months later the firm was insolvent, and filed for bankruptcy.
Gaienhofen was the place where Hesse's interest in Buddhism was re-sparked.
Hesse's "Siddhartha" is one of the most popular Western novels set in India.
Hesse had more opportunities to release poems and small literary texts to journals.
The European merchants traded in illegal goods with Muslims.
The century long rule saw a general decline in economy.
Despite these prohibitions, trade of contraband occurred on both sides.
He still works on evolvable hardware.
De Garis also predicts a third group that will emerge between the two.
The transhumanist movement are usually identified as Cyborgians.
Extended validation certificates turn the address bar green in newer browsers.
The attacker then communicates in clear with the client.
Not all web servers provide forward secrecy.
Alexandria, Egypt and Antioch, Syria quickly became the leading centers of Christianity.
Alexandria became the capital city and a center of Greek culture and trade.
Nevertheless, Hellenistic culture continued to thrive in Egypt well after the Muslim conquest.
In many parts of the world, houses are constructed using scavenged materials.
The garbage-sand mixture is also used to protect the house from flooding.
In the Middle Ages, the Manor Houses facilitated different activities and events.
Microsoft continued to ship its own unmodified Java virtual machine.
In response to user actions, an applet can change the provided graphic content.
This specifies the applet's source and location.
Reaction to the report was generally negative, particularly from London Mayor Boris Johnson.
Transit passengers remaining airside are provided with free dedicated transfer buses between terminals.
These improvements were intended to improve passengers' experience, reduce traffic congestion and improve security.
In geographic theory and methods Hipparchus introduced three main innovations.
His appearance is likewise unknown: there are no contemporary portraits.
He also constructed a celestial globe depicting the constellations, based on his observations.
The congregation sat at set tables to emphasise the meal aspect of the sacrament.
The council of Zurich refused Sanson entry into the city.
He did not urge an immediate, general abolition.
There is also evidence that most are remarkably well socialized.
Educational research and studies support the use of some of these methods.
Many organisations exist to help parents and teachers with home education.
The converse of half-life is doubling time.
Thus, the mixture taken as a whole will not decay by halves.
The biological half-life of cesium in human beings is between one and four months.
This suggests a fuzzy boundary between humus and organic matter.
In most literature, humus is considered an integral part of soil organic matter.
It may remain like this for millennia or more.
In some cases, these proton acceptors may be pi-bonds or metal complexes.
Many polymers are strengthened by hydrogen bonds in their main chains.
Some polymers are more sensitive than others.
Portuguese heraldry, however, does use crests.
The shareware version of a console port for the Dreamcast was also released.
The Sidhe elves resist the Serpent Riders' magic.
Three heroes set out to destroy Korax.
This expansion pack also did not initially include nor enable any music.
A new series feature introduced in "Hexen" is the choice of three character classes.
The Tome of Power artifact made a return from "Heretic".
The expansion features new quest items, new enemies, and new weapons for the Demoness.
Thyrion is a world that was enslaved by the Serpent Riders.
This has caused Morcalavin to go insane and create the plague.
Defensive spells are also available, and they draw from a separate ammunition pool.
Players control Corvus from a camera fixed behind the player in third-person perspective.
Household hardware is typically sold in hardware stores.
His father trained and developed Howard's artistic talents.
Carter sided with the Egyptian personnel.
Roman influence on Scottish culture and history was not enduring.
Historical research has largely undermined the myth.
The exercise proved a disaster.
These defensive activities are seldom mentioned in "literary" records.
The ancient sources present Hadrian's last few years as marked by conflict and unhappiness.
Whatever the truth, Hadrian ordered that both be put to death.
He was interred in the Woodlawn Cemetery in The Bronx, New York City.
Shaw suspected that Lizzie would not agree to such melodramatic scheme.
Some enthusiasts even assembled their own loudspeaker systems.
Records were now played on "a stereo".
Audio professional Doctor Sean Olive of Harman International shares this view.
Ford's proposal was the government's first choice, but required substantial financial assistance.
Holden and Co became "Holden and Frost Ltd".
Greenberg was the first Jewish superstar in American team sports.
Hank's grandson Spencer Greenberg is a machine learning scientist and Wall Street entrepreneur.
Greenberg received his bonus at the end of spring training.
Collaborating with Calvert, Schliemann smuggled the treasure out of Turkey.
Schliemann had planned to excavate at Knossos but died before fulfilling that dream.
Calvert became Schliemann's collaborator and partner.
No light and no sound would ever enter his grotto.
It is claimed that he has many more children, which are also Oneiroi.
This made Hypnos reluctant to accept Hera's proposal and help her trick Zeus again.
A priest may serve only at the pleasure of his bishop.
Eastern Orthodox bishops have, on occasion, granted "economy" when Anglican priests convert to Orthodoxy.
The offices of the Aaronic order are bishop, priest, teacher, and deacon.
He resorts to the fragments, the quotations of Homer in other works.
Priam was perhaps from Luwian "Priya-muwa-", which means "exceptionally courageous".
All of these views are only philologic.
He also advocated for future directions in innovation and regulation of radio.
For a short time he hired John F. Rider to be editor.
When audio resumed, they performed.
Since then, many other forms of reckoning boards or tables have been invented.
The earliest computers were not so much "programmed" as they were "designed".
How to use leisure time will be a major problem.
The relationship between these two conditions is as follows.
Preregular spaces are also called "R spaces".
A related, but weaker, notion is that of a preregular space.
Steve Swindells was recruited as keyboard player.
They are also regarded as an influential proto-punk band.
It was where I learned I was good at something.
Well-known draft breeds include the Belgian and the Clydesdale.
Another characteristic of domestication is an increase in coat color variation.
Over time, the extra side toes shrank in size until they vanished.
There are several limitations to his work on memory.
This, too, continued to be a success, being re-released in eight different editions.
However, during his time there he developed an interest in philosophy.
The present participle of a verb agrees in gender with the subject.
Both masculine and feminine nouns are divided further into two categories.
The silver object depicts a person sitting on a throne.
As a result, Odin is kept informed of many events.
The birds have powerful beaks and fan-shaped tails, indicating that they are ravens.
Heat engines are often confused with the cycles they attempt to implement.
The House of Lords debates legislation, and has power to amend or reject bills.
Legislation, with the exception of money bills, may be introduced in either House.
The individual influence of a Lord of Parliament was thus diminished.
If such a function exists, we say "X" and "Y" are homeomorphic.
A self-homeomorphism is a homeomorphism of a topological space and itself.
The homeomorphisms form an equivalence relation on the class of all topological spaces.
To prove that it follows from the original form, let "A" be a poset.
"Queen Hel" is not mentioned elsewhere in the saga.
The islands are home to many bird species, notably Socotra cormorants.
It was awarded to Qatar.
In the embassy courtyard thousands of East German citizens had assembled.
Genscher's perceived quasi-neutralism was dubbed "Genscherism".
They stand for the triumph of creative freedom over barbarism.
He was born of a farming family of Swanton Morley, Norfolk.
Organizing the church was not easy and dissension was rife.
In spirit he remained a man of peace.
Their sacred texts are also the Vedas and the Upanishads.
Hindoo is an archaic spelling variant, whose use today may be considered derogatory.
On a second voyage, he probably proceeded past the present-day site of Yuma, Arizona.
This vegetable-based rice tea dish is gaining momentum in some multicultural countries like Malaysia.
Hakka cuisine may be described as outwardly simple but tasty.
This variation of Hakka cuisine is in reality, mostly Desi Chinese cuisine.
Chilies are an entire class of flavourings in Hunan cuisine.
It also utilises more dried or preserved ingredients and condiments.
Another feature of Hunan cuisine is that the menu changes with the seasons.
It can also be measured in percent per month or in price doubling time.
During hyperinflation, currency inflation happens so quickly that bills reach large numbers before revaluation.
It's the same with oil or gas.
Hoover won in a landslide.
He became known as the Secretary of Commerce and Under-Secretary of all other departments.
Hoover's work in China revolved around the huge Kaiping Mines.
It concludes with the Symphony of Heaven, an early version of Hildegard's musical compositions.
Her music is described as monophonic, that is, consisting of exactly one melodic line.
Volmar, a frequent visitor, may have taught Hildegard simple psalm notation.
Hart voor Hilversum is now the largest party in opposition.
Hilversum is part of the Randstad, one of the largest conurbations in Europe.
Hilversum is south-east of Amsterdam and north of Utrecht.
The poem became famous and was the source of much of Thompson's posthumous reputation.
It does not attract, rather the reverse.
It is so bold, so new, so fearless.
There are nearly insurmountable problems in supplying a historiography of the Internet's development.
Consequently, algorithms for relevancy ranking have continuously improved.
Then it became clear that Gopher and the other projects were doomed fall short.
The "Odes" display a wide range of topics.
The iambic genre seems almost to have disappeared after publication of Horace's "Epodes".
His style included 'metrical vandalism' and looseness of structure.
This successor was codenamed Cairo.
These factors eventually began to impact the operating system's efficiency and stability.
It was successfully deployed both on the server and the workstation markets.
The Saint Petersburg - Helsinki route is operated with the Allegro high-speed trains.
Helsinki also hosts many film festivals.
The decrees issued in Helsinki were dated with Helsinki as the place of issue.
The descendants of the indigenous Tasmanians now refer to themselves as 'Palawa'.
The Salamanca Place warehouses and the Theatre Royal were also constructed in this period.
Mountain snow covering has also been known to occur during the other seasons.
Moreover, they both refer to the same version of the Prometheus myth.
Epic narrative allowed poets like Homer no opportunity for personal revelations.
His basic language was the main literary dialect of the time, Homer's Ionian.
Numbers in Hebrew from zero to one million.
Ordinal numbers must also agree in number and definite status like other adjectives.
Cardinal and ordinal numbers must agree in gender with the noun they are describing.
Fate, or destiny, plays a massive role in the stories of classical heroes.
The classical hero's heroic significance stems from battlefield conquests, an inherently dangerous action.
Solutions containing the hydroxide ion attack glass.
In this case, the silicates in glass are acting as acids.
The structures are similar to the brucite structure.
Giger applied his biomechanical style to interior design.
He was also a personal friend of Timothy Leary.
Haiti emerged as the first Black republic in the world.
Below that cap is a supergene zone containing pyrite, chalcopyrite, and sphalerite.
Slavery kept prices low and profit was maximized at the expense of human lives.
Berry considered these stories to be rumors and was quick to deny them.
She worked in the children's department at Higbee's Department store.
She pleaded no contest to misdemeanor leaving the scene of an accident.
Koch lost the right to apply for patent protection.
He was irreligious.
At the time, it was widely believed that tuberculosis was an inherited disease.
It was a very large wooden barrel.
The etymology of hogshead is uncertain.
The word should therefore be "oxhead", "hogshead" being a mere corruption.
Throughout his life, Honda's founder, Soichiro Honda, had an interest in automobiles.
In motorcycle trials, Honda has claimed three world championships with Belgian rider Eddy Lejeune.
The advert lasted three minutes.
During the next several decades, indoor handball flourished and evolved in the Scandinavian countries.
The goalkeepers may participate in the normal play of their teammates.
The areas usually contain the benches as seating opportunities.
Hilbert's basis theorem has some immediate corollaries.
Although heterocyclic compounds may be inorganic, most contain at least one carbon.
Those containing one heteroatom are, in general, stable.
Included are pyridine, thiophene, pyrrole, and furan.
He has won three Grammy Awards and two Emmy Awards.
The family currently resides in New Canaan, Connecticut and New Orleans, Louisiana.
The two wrote a special song exclusively for the movie.
A humorist is usually distinct from a stand-up comedian.
For people who are primarily stand-ups, see list of stand-up comedians.
Muslim scholars have a long history of questioning the Hadith literature throughout Islamic history.
"Hadith" also refers to the speech of a person.
So a companion would say, I heard the Prophet say such and such.
Multi chines are more complex to build but produce a more seaworthy hull form.
This is called the deadrise angle.
The flat bottom hull has high initial stability but high drag.
The music to which a hymn may be sung is a hymn tune.
Some of the oldest surviving examples of notated music are hymns with Greek texts.
The tune style or form is technically designated "gospel songs" as distinct from hymns.
Later, after the invention of the thermometer, the property temperature could be quantified.
The concept of thermal motion came two centuries later.
Some modern hydrofoils use fully submerged inverted T-shape foils.
Boats that use hydrofoil technology are also simply termed hydrofoils.
The Moth dinghy has evolved into some radical foil configurations.
Both his siblings died during the war.
Most of these decay predominantly through alpha decay, but some also undergo spontaneous fission.
Hence, the nucleus Hs has promise as a deformed doubly magic nucleus.
In particular, the low decay energy for Hs is in complete agreement with calculations.
He excelled academically as a part-time student, continuing to work while enrolled.
This first, nonmilitary, approach to stopping Allende was called the Track I approach.
Accordingly, Suharto delayed the operation for one day.
Recently, an assay for measuring the feeding response in hydra has been developed.
Respiration and excretion occur by diffusion everywhere through the epidermis.
While "Hydra" immortality is well-supported today, the implications for human aging are still controversial.
Pi Hydri, composed of Pi Hydri and Pi Hydri, is divisible in binoculars.
The former are smooth, while the latter exhibit short "superhumps" of heightened activity.
There are two notable optical double stars in Hydrus.
During the Roman Imperial era, Hercules was worshipped locally from Hispania through Gaul.
The hero was associated with the Aventine Hill through his son Aventinus.
Tacitus records a special affinity of the Germanic peoples for Hercules.
Other boundaries were settled by war and subsequent treaties.
Hundreds died in fratricidal fighting.
Saint Vitus Cathedral is located in the castle area.
There are many other attractions for visitors: romantic nooks, peaceful places and beautiful lookouts.
The Piney Woods are north of Houston.
Restaurants, bakeries, traditional-clothing boutiques, and specialty shops can be found in both areas.
The porous layers were compressed over time and forced upward.
The spinning of the disk also uses a servo motor.
Sequential changes in the direction of magnetization represent binary data bits.
Some computer operating systems perform defragmentation automatically.
Certain agricultural practices are also marked from this date.
A negative value indicates that the Julian date is ahead of the civil date.
He notes, By how much does the solar year exceed the lunar year?
Finkelstein set out to provide a guide to the relevant sections of the case.
The critical response has been varied.
He argues that "'The Holocaust' is an ideological representation of the Nazi holocaust".
The book is divided into several basic sections.
Crowley was refused initiation into the Adeptus Minor grade by the London officials.
After Westcott's departure, Mathers appointed Florence Farr to be Chief Adept in Anglia.
They are also useful in cryptography.
Collision resistance is accomplished in part by generating very large hash values.
A hash value can be used to uniquely identify secret information.
In competition the winner is the person who cleared the highest height.
An effective approach shape can be derived from physics.
Each jumper has one attempt.
Burnet states in any case that ... Xenophanes left Ionia before Herakleitos was born.
Laws needed to be defended as though they were city walls.
Only Zeus is wise.
During his term in the Senate, Schmitt sat at the chamber's candy desk.
Some hammers are one-piece designs made primarily of a single material.
Hammers are basic tools in many trades.
Some upholstery hammers have a magnetized face, to pick up tacks.
It is arranged in the traditional way, beginning top right and reading columns down.
The forms of the hiragana originate from the cursive script style of Chinese calligraphy.
The component means 'rice plant', is written in hiragana and is pronounced: "ina".
Frederick returned to Germany.
These trends compounded political fragmentation within Germany.
The clergy also had become more powerful.
It consisted of nine members, mostly Malay, and wielded full political and military power.
Anthropologists support the notion that the Proto-Malays originated from what is today Yunnan, China.
The destabilisation of these states damaged the commerce in the area, causing British intervention.
Sargon's son, Sennacherib, tried and failed to conquer Judah.
New Middle Eastern boundaries were decided by an agreement between British and French bureaucrats.
Residents were given permanent residency status and the option of applying for Israeli citizenship.
Their colors are cardinal and gold.
From time to time, Mudders have been known to amuse themselves by pranking Caltech.
The final one-third of courses comprises those in the student's major.
This cycle can be broken after a soul achieves "Moksha" or "Nirvana".
Perpetual is the fruits thereof and the shade therein.
This Heaven has a garden Nandanavana with damsels, as its most magnificent sight.
A "people's militia" would "protect the revolution".
He stepped down as expected the same day and was succeeded by Ali Tarhouni.
Gaddafi financed various other groups from anti-nuclear movements to Australian trade unions.
Farming communities in Afghanistan were among the earliest in the world.
They also prohibited usury.
We have said this many, many times.
The members were either conservatives or nationalists with fascist leanings.
Nevertheless, Greek politics remained heavily dynastic, as it has always been.
The Greek people spoke a form of Greek called Demotic.
In other versions, he simply drowned.
Driven mad by Hera, Heracles slew his own children.
The divine sons of Heracles and Hebe are Alexiares and Anicetus.
As a child and teenager, Rollins was sexually assaulted.
I just don't know honestly what I could do with it that's different.
It was at Bullis that he began writing.
Hadrons have excited states known as resonances.
Examples of mesons commonly produced in particle physics experiments include pions and kaons.
That is, hadrons must be "colorless" or "white".
He has been active in raising funds for causes such as mathematical education.
Charles V was known in his youth after his birthplace as "Charles of Ghent".
Charles effectively united the Netherlands as one entity.
Marriages between first cousins, or between uncle and niece, were commonplace in the family.
In practice, however, they always can.
During times of national emergency, the House may also sit at weekends.
In practice, the House of Commons' scrutiny of the Government is fairly weak.
These can be intentionally created with good passing strategy, or appear by themselves.
In addition, high hearts can leave the player defenseless once hearts are broken.
Each other player, in clockwise order, then plays a card from their hand.
The fishing boats are still stored on and launched from the beach.
A local metro railway service from Bexhill to Ore has also been proposed.
It is an ancient woodland of Pedunculate oak-hornbeam which is uncommon nationally.
These regional regimes can be seen as relatively independently coherent human rights sub-regimes.
Lamey proposes a portable procedural model that focuses on the right to non-refoulement.
These institutions and practices are alternative to, rather than different formulations of, human rights.
Clearly the hashing is not working in the second one.
In this case the keys need not be stored in the table.
The main advantage of hash tables over other table data structures is speed.
For modern languages, hello, world programs vary in sophistication.
The previous example in the tutorial printed hi!
Levita also compiled the first Hebrew-Yiddish dictionary.
Hebrew grammars by Christian authors appeared during the Renaissance.
Elijah Levita was called to the chair of Hebrew at the University of Paris.
They may have derived from the Burchardinger dynasty.
He also bears a historical claim to the title of Prince of Orange.
He belonged to the Ansbach branch of the dynasty.
Several different types of harnesses exist.
The resin impregnation is required to provide resistance to distortion and stretch.
The primary structure of paragliders is supple, consisting mainly of woven material.
His reign saw the French royal domain and influence greatly expanded.
The nobility came second in terms of wealth, but there was no unity.
Israel attacked from the east, Britain from Cyprus and France from Algeria.
The word "Hallowe'en" means "hallowed evening" or "holy evening".
In parts of Wales, men went about dressed as fearsome beings called "gwrachod".
The Design Council awarded this project 'Millennium Product' status for the renovation.
The island is the home of the Hayling Charity Cycle Ride.
To the west is Langstone Harbour and to the east is Chichester Harbour.
Moreover, the Hahn-Banach theorem implies the Banach-Tarski paradox.
Hampshire have also been captained by former Australian leg-spinner Shane Warne.
Hampshire's county flower is the Dog Rose.
Hampshire County Cricket Club today is a successful first-class team, captained by James Adams.
Various methods are used to ensure that ammunition components are as consistent as possible.
The State's Ministry of the Interior conducts the exam.
A year later the Texans unveiled their uniforms during another downtown rally.
Despite Osweiler's lucrative deal, he struggled significantly during the entire season.
The song was donated by Walker to the city of Houston.
Royal Canadian Sea Cadets march to "Heart of Oak" during their parades.
"Heart of Oak" was originally written as part of an opera.
Britain's continued success in the war boosted the song's popularity.
The economy went into recession, but unemployment was still relatively low.
After presenting the budget, he took an overseas trip.
Fearing the worst, the others raised the alert.
Heavy metal songs often make extensive use of pedal point as a harmonic basis.
Deathcore bands include Whitechapel, Suicide Silence, Despised Icon and Carnifex.
One of the signatures of the genre is the guitar power chord.
According to Julius Caesar, the Helvetians were divided into four subgroups or pagi.
This was the first main-sequence star found to have an exoplanet orbiting it.
In the course of Augustus' reign, Roman dominance became more concrete.
But Lucilla says, We will kill no one.
Teg also goes to a supposed safe house, only to discover the Honored Matres.
Teg flees with Duncan and Lucilla into the countryside.
This is considered wrong, and even heretical, by Orthodox and Conservative Judaism.
Judaism regards the violation of the commandments, the "mitzvot", to be a sin.
Halakha also does not include the parts of the Torah not related to commandments.
Beyond the plateau is the Syrian desert, separating the Levant from Mesopotamia.
In addition, Ahaz is specifically identified as king of Judah.
One of this company's first products was tomato ketchup.
Anna Schmidt was the daughter of a Lutheran minister; John Heinz was also Lutheran.
He was buried at Homewood Cemetery in Pittsburgh, in the Heinz Family Mausoleum.
The resulting Kraft Heinz Company is the fifth largest food company in the world.
One of this company's first products was Heinz Tomato Ketchup.
The new members of the board were Nelson Peltz and Matthew Craig Walsh.
Otherwise, the information to reconstruct the tree must be sent a priori.
A practical form of blocking, in widespread use, is run-length encoding.
It is generally beneficial to minimize the variance of codeword length.
They are transported as complexes of lipid and proteins known as lipoproteins.
Men also have an increased incidence of atherosclerotic heart disease.
In chronic inflammations, its deposition in the tissues manifests itself as amyloidosis.
Honolulu is also a center for Hawaiian music.
The school serves overseas Japanese nationals.
It was the first ever Ironman triathlon event and is also the world championship.
Cavalier-Smith maintained the Heterolobosea as a class for amoeboid forms.
As mentioned above, under unfavourable conditions, the acrasids aggregate to form sporangia.
They established ports in Malabar.
The Nationalist school has focused on Congress, Gandhi, Nehru and high level politics.
The movie was originally titled "Shadow Clan" in the earliest drafts of the film.
The second four audios were each based around one of the Four Horsemen.
Critical reaction to "Highlander: Endgame" was negative.
The players' last names were added to the back of the jerseys.
The Astros failed to score in the bottom of the tenth.
Things were going as they should for a team that could win the west.
He died in his sleep, most likely due to complications of diabetes.
'Compassion is the source of the highest poetry.
He started to read books and write stories at an early age.
Yet this is not what he has conceived of as his chief mission.
The classical varactor parametric oscillator oscillates when the diode's capacitance is varied periodically.
Parametric oscillators are used in many applications.
This effect is different from regular resonance because it exhibits the instability phenomenon.
Kim Walker, who was dating Slater at the time, was offered the role instead.
The film was a commercial failure before becoming a cult classic.
Headquarters is Trieste, Italy.
The federation helps its members to integrate into German society.
The Federation of Expellees has steadily lobbied to preserve the inheritability clause.
Afterwards, Sali Berisha became the second President.
The southern part was governed by the semi-independent, Serbian ruled Despotate of Epiros.
Ottoman forces conducted a number of massacres in the aftermath of the revolt.
"Reconstructing History: Literature, History, and Anthropology in the Pacific." Ed.
Later, there was a brief war with Spain, in which Brunei was victorious.
The harp has been used as a political symbol of Ireland for centuries.
Andean harp has relatively large size.
In India, the "bin-baia" harp survives about the Padhar people of Madhya Pradesh.
Jeremiah Reynolds also delivered lectures on the "Hollow Earth" and argued for an expedition.
The interior was connected with the surface by an opening in the Arctic.
They want the people to submit to them, this is their cover.
For Hamas, to concede territory is seen as equivalent to renouncing Islam itself.
It has successfully adapted these techniques over the years since its inception.
File directories looked like file folders.
The software running on the remote machine is called the client application.
See the next section.
Hezbollah is, therefore, deeply embedded in the Lebanese society.
All Shia foreign advisors and fighters withdrew from Bosnia at the end of conflict.
Scholars differ as to when Hezbollah came to be a distinct entity.
Fatherland is the nation of one's "fathers" or "forefathers".
It can be viewed as a nationalist concept, insofar as it relates to nations.
People often refer to Mother Russia as a personification of the Russian nation.
Hanjour applied to civil aviation school in Jeddah, but was turned down.
They then travelled briefly to Paterson to look at that area as well.
Using the flight intercom, Hanjour announced the flight was hijacked.
On rare occasions, striped hyenas have preyed on humans.
He also wrote that hyenas only attacked brave people.
The brown hyena's skull is larger than that of the striped hyena.
Both species are smaller than the spotted hyena, but larger than the aardwolf.
They are predominantly scavengers.
Hershey and Chase's experiment concluded that little sulfur containing material entered the bacterial cell.
This procedure was performed once for the sulfur-labeled phages and once for phosphorus-labeled phages.
The labeled progeny were then allowed to infect unlabeled bacteria.
Monotheism reached definite forms in Christian Christology and in Islamic Tawhid.
It depicted religion as evolving with human culture, from primitive polytheism to ethical monotheism.
Many religions share common beliefs.
In New York, bands such as Deee-Lite furthered house's international influence.
The genre even gained popularity through events like Creamfields.
In Britain, further experiments in the genre boosted its appeal.
FairPoint Communications furnishes telephone communication.
The town also contains the villages of Etna and Hanover Center.
Although the surface is uneven, the town developed into an agricultural community.
It is believed that there were four anchors in the ship.
During this survey, the Beagle Channel was identified and named after the ship.
This diary is where Darwin drew most of the ideas for his publications.
It is Hertfordshire's oldest town.
The name "Verulamium" is Celtic, meaning "settlement over or by the marsh".
All of these industries are now gone from the area.
Surprisingly, this information was never published by Hitachi.
It is also a fully static device, which will not lose internal state information.
However, further advancements showed that it is a correlational, not causal, relationship.
Hominy is also used as animal feed.
In Latin America there are a variety of dishes referred to as mote.
He also depicted the American Expeditionary Force in France.
He also produced a steady stream of humorous drawings for magazines and advertisements.
His house in Moss Lane is commemorated by a blue plaque.
Heraclius would stay on campaign for several years.
Soon after, he initiated reforms to rebuild and strengthen the military.
Within a short period of time, the Arabs conquered Mesopotamia, Armenia and Egypt.
She was later canonized.
She had previously been a nun.
She had already given birth to Henry's son Thankmar.
Livy gives us the idea that he was extremely cruel.
Carthage could keep its African territory but would lose its overseas empire.
Hannibal's father went about the conquest of Hispania.
Despite this, they lost by an innings.
This contributed to South Africa's first Test win since readmission.
Despite this, South Africa lost all their matches.
Basically every one of the localities of Hultsfred Municipality are situated on the railway.
There are several folks museums around the area that keeps trace of its history.
Parliament's power has often been eroded by its own Acts.
One well-recognised exception to Parliament's power involves binding future Parliaments.
Instead, the State Opening of Parliament proceeds directly.
Little is known about the life or social status of Hosea.
Hosea's family life reflected the "adulterous" relationship which Israel had built with polytheistic gods.
The relationship between Hosea and Gomer parallels the relationship between God and Israel.
Habakkuk has also been commemorated in sculpture.
This day is also celebrated as his feast by the Greek Orthodox Church.
Habakkuk is called both Habaghugh and Hayaghugh by the Muslim locals.
On the Eastern Orthodox liturgical calendar, Haggai is commemorated as a saint and prophet.
According to scholars, they credit it to his students.
He may have been one of the captives taken to Babylon by Nebuchadnezzar.
He invented the first automatic card-feed mechanism and the first keypunch.
His great-grandson, the Rt.
However, Roman painting does have important unique characteristics.
Artists began to practice new ways of making art.
Early pottery was painted with spirals, zigzags, dots, or animals.
There are objective, determinative, and adjunctive compounds as well.
The remaining syllables all receive an equal, lesser stress.
They have large compound eyes, and typically three simple eyes, ocelli.
Different species of Hymenoptera show a wide range of feeding habits.
Hamlin's house in Bangor subsequently housed the Presidents of the adjacent Bangor Theological Seminary.
It was said that Mary Todd Lincoln and Hamlin disliked each other.
Novels are not eligible for the Summer Hopwood Contest.
Awards are given in the categories of Nonfiction, Fiction, and Poetry.
However, some relatively simple homeostatic mechanisms are generally accepted.
The condition is fatal if not treated.
This decapeptide is known as angiotensin I.
Icings are also called, but are usually referred to as illegal clearing.
The word "hockey" itself is of unknown origin.
This sport is played in over sixty countries and has a worldwide following.
It is south-west of Jedburgh and south-southeast of Selkirk.
The Borders Abbeys Way passes through Hawick.
Although no longer played at Hawick, it is still played at nearby Jedburgh.
The settlement is of Saxon origin.
Hatfield is part of Welwyn Hatfield borough council in the county of Hertfordshire.
Hatfield is part of the Welwyn Hatfield constituency, which includes Welwyn Garden City.
The University of Hertfordshire is a modern university based largely in Hatfield.
Local rivers, although small, supported developing industries such as paper production at Nash Mills.
The largest sector of the economy of the county is in services.
He was a Protestant Christian.
This meeting marked, in many ways, a turn in their philosophical encounter.
It was Gadamer who secured Habermas's first professorship in the University of Heidelberg.
This was usually around the Summer solstice by end June.
There are many words of similar meaning in other languages.
The heap is updated after each removal to maintain the heap property.
The following is a simple way to implement the algorithm in pseudocode.
This allows moving up or down the tree by doing simple index computations.
A heap is not a sorted structure and can be regarded as partially ordered.
The next two elements of the array contain its children.
The theoretical foundations are summarized by Thermodynamics.
Visual hierarchy is also important for proper organization of files on computers.
For example, most postal code systems are hierarchical.
This meant that the duration of hours varied with the season.
Kings usually had an officer in charge of this clock.
Time taken for this graduated bowl was one "pe".
It was written in cuneiform, the Mesopotamian form of writing of the day.
There were increases in literacy and in the production of literary works.
Rapid treatment of bleeding episodes decreases damage to the body.
Haemophilia C is not completely recessive, as heterozygous individuals also show increased bleeding.
It is not currently an accepted treatment for haemophilia.
Hemicellulose is often associated with cellulose, but it has different composition.
Hemicelluloses are synthesised from sugar nucleotides in the cell's Golgi apparatus.
Lignins assist and strengthen the attachment of hemicelluloses to microfibrils.
One of the issues associated with stereotyping is that it is profitable.
Appalachians themselves were perceived as backward, quick to violence and inbred in their isolation.
Grassroots movements, protests, and strikes are common in the area, though not always successful.
After his death, his body was moved more than eight times for several reasons.
The series is filmed in Baltimore, Maryland.
Mattie looks for Urquhart at the point when it seems his victory is certain.
The Urquhart trilogy has been adapted in the United States as "House of Cards".
Gray reported to Nixon that he had secured Hoover's office and its contents.
Gray told the press that afternoon that there are no dossiers or secret files.
She informed him the boxes contained personal papers of Hoover's.
There are many different standards and types of horsepower.
It was called the poncelet and was abbreviated "p".
Drilling rigs are powered mechanically by rotating the drill pipe from above.
The principal ports for London moved downstream to the ports of Felixstowe and Tilbury.
During this period, London became a global political, financial, and trading capital.
The period saw London rapidly rising in importance amongst Europe's commercial centres.
He must know by heart the Hermetic astrological books, which are four in number.
Their younger contemporary Heraclides Ponticus proposed that the Earth rotates around its axis.
Haber noted uranium was almost as effective and easier to obtain than osmium.
The major source of hydrogen is methane from natural gas.
Such catalysts are prepared by decomposition of triruthenium dodecacarbonyl on graphite.
The concept always remained the same, but the subject matter varied greatly.
The site was originally called "Am I Hot or Not".
Most well-studied histone modifications are involved in control of transcription.
All histones have a highly positively charged N-terminus with many lysine and arginine residues.
Archaeal histones may well resemble the evolutionary precursors to eukaryotic histones.
In business, the business owner traditionally occupied the pinnacle of the organization.
All governments and most companies have similar structures.
Traditionally, the monarch was the pinnacle of the state.
Within two years, taking advice from doctors, he had lost five stone in weight.
The power of his voice allowed Secombe to appear in many stage musicals.
Secombe had diabetes in the latter part of his life.
The purity of street heroin varies greatly.
Also, tolerance typically decreases after a period of abstinence.
Pete Doherty is also a self-confessed user of heroin.
But soon enough financial difficulties caught up with team managers.
The intercity fixtures against Chievo Verona are known as the Derby della Scala.
Verona, however, ultimately finished the year in tenth.
The term appeared around the first or second century.
Thrangu Rinpoche has emphasized that "hinayana" is in no way implying "inferior".
However, Buddhist scholarship uses the term "Nikaya Buddhism" to refer to early Buddhist schools.
Bogart, a heavy smoker and drinker, had developed cancer of the esophagus.
"The African Queen" was the first Technicolor film in which Bogart appeared.
Bogart was also featured on "The Jack Benny Show".
Scenes from ancient history and mythology were also popular.
Classical history remained popular, but scenes from national histories were often the best-received.
These were heroic, but showed heroic suffering by ordinary civilians.
Hyperbolas share many of the ellipses' analytical properties such as eccentricity, focus, and directrix.
The tangents may belong to points on different branches of the hyperbola.
He was also now an established leader and could trust his generals.
Within a month he had captured the forts of Mandu and Champaner.
Saxony, even with diminished territory, retained its eminent position.
The three Arch-Chancellors and the Arch-Cupbearer did not use any augmentations.
After Charles V, all individuals chosen by the electors were merely "Emperors elect".
He repeatedly claimed that his birthday was on Christmas Eve.
Hughes' doctors considered his recovery almost miraculous.
He played frequently with top players, including Gene Sarazen.
On the other side of the river is the Europort and the Maasvlakte.
The final two stations on the line are located within the town.
Hoek van Holland Strand, the terminus, is closest to the beach.
He thought that both Philosophy and Theology should be taught in parallel.
Hugh's son, John Binning, married Hanna Keir, who was born in Ireland.
After the battle, John and Hanna were separated.
Home wrote much about the importance of property to society.
The first was as a hunter-gatherer where people avoided each other out of competition.
This requires laws and law enforcers.
All three additions are influenced by the high-tech style.
The extant medieval structures are largely private homes.
The town's name means "military settlement," from Old English "here-wic".
This work was then covered with finishing paint.
This is consistent with the landscapes of Pieter Bruegel the Elder.
Sometimes Avercamp used paper frames, which were a cheap alternative to oil paintings.
Throughout his lifetime, Baldung developed a distinctive style, full of color, expression and imagination.
He became a celebrity of the town, and received many important commissions.
Flesh is a mere glaze under which the features are indicated by lines.
Versions of the hammered dulcimer are used throughout the world.
Each set of strings is tuned in unison and is called a course.
The heads of two sided hammers are usually oval or round.
At the official level, Catholicism's commitment to "Humanae Vitae" is more stable than ever.
From its very inception it reveals the creating hand of God.
Abortion, even for therapeutic reasons, is absolutely forbidden, as is sterilization, even if temporary.
Sanger played an important role in the early stages of creating Wikipedia.
Every year, Wikipedia runs a fundraising campaign to support its operations.
Reservoirs accumulate plant material, which then decomposes, emitting methane in uneven bursts.
However reservoirs have significant environmental impact, as does alteration of naturally occurring stream flow.
Most new hydropower project must undergo an Environmental and Social Impact Assessment.
Depending on definition, hundreds of "breeds" exist today, developed for many different uses.
Horses can crossbreed with other equine species to produce hybrids.
Breed registries also differ as to their acceptance or rejection of breeding technology.
Halfbakery can be read by anyone, but only logged-in users can contribute.
Logged in users can also vote "for" or "against" a particular idea.
Writing is seldom overly formal, but too much slang or contraction is frowned upon.
The nomads of the Mongolian steppes bred horses for several thousand years as well.
Bloodlines are often considered, as some bloodlines are known to cross well with others.
The basic oppositeness of the sexes was the basis for normal, healthy sexual attraction.
Chaddock's translation of Krafft-Ebing's "Psychopathia Sexualis".
Other studies have disputed Kinsey's methodology.
The tower is the first circular skyscraper in Hong Kong.
The building's white 'bumps' between the windows have built in window-washer guide rails.
The restaurant is now named The Grand Buffet.
Harwich's schools are part of the Monomoy Regional School District.
There are also many beaches in West Harwich and South Harwich.
There are post offices in Harwich Port, South Harwich, West Harwich, and East Harwich.
Ships which have the capability to provide underway replenishment to fleet units.
The combination of symbol and hull number identifies a modern Navy ship uniquely.
"Habeas corpus" has certain limitations.
This occurred in response to the Maguindanao massacre.
In New Zealand, "habeas corpus" may be invoked against the government or private individuals.
However modern historians hold this to be a misconception.
Peter returned from Venice with a current world map drafted by a Venetian cartographer.
Henry also held a monopoly on tuna fishing in the Algarve.
It does not refer to the natural conception and delivery of identical twins.
Hwang claimed to have created eleven different patent-specific stem cell lines.
Their hope was that Parliament would fill this gap by passing prohibitive legislation.
The threat of the northern Manchu people also grew.
This paralleled the market economy that was growing both internally and externally.
In turn, many of these farmers resorted to flight, banditry, and open rebellion.
However, numerous questions remain about its organization.
This time range is a hot source of debate.
The time period derives its name from the appearance of "Lithic flaked" stone tools.
It required a dedicated imperial military force to subdue the Bantu-speaking states.
He turned north adding Techiman, Banda, Gyaaman, and Gonja, states on the Black Volta.
Carthage's prosperity fostered the growth of the Berber kingdoms, Numidia and Mauretania.
Indigenous Australians are the original inhabitants of the Australian continent and nearby islands.
Both groups are strongly related genetically to East Asians, particularly Taiwanese aborigines.
These trading posts became significant enclaves.
The "Tagfahrt" or "Hansetag" were the only central institutions of the Hanseatic League.
Athenodorus was cautious since the house was inexpensive.
However, the story of Frankenstein was influenced far greater on the story of Hippolytus.
Achievements in horror fiction are recognized by numerous awards.
Holomorphic functions are the central objects of study in complex analysis.
However, they also come with some fundamental restrictions.
There was no effective institutional check on its powers.
The civil war and its aftermath had severely disrupted Algeria's society and economy.
This situation may have accounted for his deference to collegial rule.
Elections for the senate in November resulted in a victory for the government.
They traded in gold, ivory and copper for cloth and glass.
Failing there, they turned to the peasants.
In this way, internal consolidation accompanied outward expansion of the state.
The invading Mongols accelerated the fragmentation of the Rus'.
The bishop's location was his "seat", or "see".
As a result, Orthodoxy's traditional frontiers have been profoundly modified.
Theological schools were closed, and church publications were prohibited.
Each musical note corresponds to a particular frequency which can be measured in hertz.
Humans perceive frequency of sound waves as pitch.
Often these two variations are used together to heighten a climax.
Herat was one of the six Ghaznavid mints in the region.
It was even forgotten where the settlement had been.
The name is recorded in numerous spelling variants.
Yet make-up for men and rights for women provide surprises to the modern understanding.
The origins of the Hazara have not been fully reconstructed.
Mistrust of the central government by the Hazaras and local uprisings continued.
However, rival Hazara political factions fought.
These people mostly act as a parallel banking system for businessmen.
The words "aval" and "avallo" were themselves derived from "hawala".
The coping mechanisms that appeared were patterned on the hawala system.
These two researchers developed several formulas for mineral nutrient solutions, known as Hoagland solution.
Excellent aeration is the main advantage of aeroponics.
This causes the clay to expand, like popcorn, and become porous.
Another is that he succumbed to tuberculosis.
Purcell was universally mourned as a very great master of music.
His eldest son was born in this same year, but he was short-lived.
Because water molecules are polar, hydrophobes do not dissolve well among them.
Debates have recently emerged concerning the applicability of the Wenzel and Cassie-Baxter models.
Liquid in the Cassie-Baxter state is more mobile than in the Wenzel state.
The V-Rod Destroyer is not a street legal motorcycle.
This gave about double the power of the first singles.
The Sharknose includes a unique, dual front headlight.
Where are yous going?
The syntax of the Irish language is quite different from that of English.
This usage is universal among English dialects, but occurs more frequently in Hiberno-English.
In this case, representations in infinite dimensions play a crucial role.
The Paley-Wiener theorem is an example of this.
See also: Convergence of Fourier series.
The San Francisco incident is perhaps the most unusual.
Raines' home run tied the game.
Bengie Molina, the Giants' catcher, hit what was first called a single.
The current village of Harappa is from the ancient site.
Although copper and bronze were in use, iron was not yet employed.
Some of the most valuable things traded were carnelian and lapis lazuli.
Only rarely it is fully iambic.
The rhyme system varies from terza rima to ottava, from sonnet to canzone.
For this reason it is treated as two separate islands below.
This may have been a reference to the stone circle at Callanish.
The widespread immigration of mainlanders, particularly non-Gaelic speakers, has been a subject of controversy.
Schedel was also a notable collector of books, art and old master prints.
Matheolus Perusinus served as his tutor.
Maps in the "Chronicle" were the first ever illustrations of many cities and countries.
According to Greek mythology, hexameter was invented by the god Hermes.
To read about the background to these events, see History of Poland.
See also the list of Polish monarchs and list of Prime Ministers of Poland.
According to another account, a mule on which Oxylus rode had lost an eye.
The Heracleidae are the main subject of Euripides' play, "Heracleidae".
At Sparta, the Heraclids formed two dynasties ruling jointly: the Agiads and the Eurypontids.
Lentiviruses have many morphologies and biological properties in common.
It is unknown how often such mixed packaging occurs under natural conditions.
Recombination events may occur throughout the genome.
When he was finally told, he collapsed with grief.
The struggle between Henry's brothers continued.
Henry was the youngest of William and Matilda's four sons.
The word's narrow Japanese-language usage and broad international usage are often incompatible.
The most prolific consumers of hentai are men.
Both parties realised they were mutually disadvantaged by the reduction in commerce.
Thus a small band of scouts rescued Henry.
While there, he feigned stomach cramps and in the confusion fled into a monastery.
Response to the reforms was mixed.
The visitation focussed almost exclusively on the country's religious houses, with largely negative conclusions.
Richmond had never before visited Ireland, his appointment a break with past policy.
Important tributaries include the Chautang and Tangri.
Agriculture and related industries have been the backbone of the local economy.
Haryana is a landlocked state in northern India.
The Governor is the head of state appointed by the President of India.
Most of the state lies on the foothills of the Dhauladhar Range.
Galen's medical works were regarded as authoritative until well into the Middle Ages.
The underlying principle of most medieval medicine was Galen's theory of humours.
Folklore cures and potentially poisonous metal-based compounds were popular treatments.
The name evidently later came to be used for the estuary's main channel.
Navigation on the waterway is controlled by the Queen's Harbour Master for Plymouth.
The "Georgengarten" is an English landscape garden.
The Great Garden consists of several parts.
The WonderSwan Color is a handheld game console designed by Bandai.
It was almost an immediate hit.
It features a color screen, and is slightly bigger than the Game Boy Pocket.
Abeken participated in Bunsen's works, namely an evangelic prayer and hymn-book.
This is valuable by reason of the letters written from the Prussian headquarters.
A major part of the dispatches of the time have been written by him.
They had one son and three daughters.
Henry Austin Bruce is buried at Aberffrwd Cemetery in Mountain Ash, Wales.
This is now Cardiff University.
They are heterotrophs that normally respire by aerobic means.
Theories of bounded rationality relax one or more assumptions of standard expected utility theory.
His European ancestors had been piano makers, goldsmiths, and vintners.
The color of hematite lends itself to use as a pigment.
Hematine is a synthetic material sold as "magnetic hematite".
Hematite is present in the waste tailings of iron mines.
This has resulted in empty forests, ecological communities depleted of large vertebrates.
Populations located nearer to villages are significantly more at risk of depletion.
The loss of species from ecological communities, defaunation, is primarily driven by human activity.
They were the first to call it "Hollywood Style".
The steps are shortened or "cheated" to create this look.
The style is geared towards performance and is heavily based on short choreographies.
Doctor Hamilton Wright, testified at a hearing for the Harrison Act.
He was accompanied by Charles Henry Brent, the Episcopal Bishop.
The medical profession quickly learned not to supply opiates to addicts.
Western bridles are often adorned with silver or other decorative features.
Other precautions are done with stirrup design itself.
It is a myth that a bit is cruel and a hackamore is gentler.
In recent linguistic and pedagogical materials, tone is marked by means of diacritics.
They require movement of the glottis during pronunciation and have a staccato sound.
Whitehead, initiated a long running debate on the foundations of mathematics.
Persians contributed to the world of Mathematics alongside Arabs.
The angular momentum quantum number determines the magnitude of the angular momentum.
However some observed phenomena such as the anomalous Zeeman effect remain unexplained.
Instead, atoms were observed to only emit discrete frequencies of radiation.
To strengthen his legitimacy Elagabalus assumed Caracalla's names, "Marcus Aurelius Antoninus".
The rebellion was quickly put down, and the Third Legion disbanded.
Since the reign of Septimius Severus, sun worship had increased throughout the Empire.
Hahnemann's miasm theory remains disputed and controversial within homeopathy even in modern times.
Fluxion and radionics methods of preparation do not require succussion.
Higher dilutions follow the same pattern.
Furthermore, hairpins worn by women could also represent their social status.
Hair has always carried many psychological, philosophical, romantic, and cultural meanings in Chinese culture.
This was a predecessor of the hair clip.
A United Nations panel urged Japan to ban hate speech.
It is also known as the "Moureaux Law".
The Supreme Court struck down the ordinance.
The play ends with his complete ostracism.
Hawaiian was not taught initially in any school, including the all-Hawaiian Kamehameha Schools.
Hawaiian has five pure vowels.
Interbellum Poland was also a country with numerous social problems.
Germany became Poland's largest trading partner, followed by Britain.
Poland was also a nation of many religions.
She was the first deaf-blind person to earn a bachelor of arts degree.
They traveled worldwide and raised funds for the blind.
Keller also expressed concerns about human overpopulation.
By the time Alice heard it, she was already tired of poetry.
The White Knight explains a confusing nomenclature for the song.
It bears an obvious resemblance to Haddocks' Eyes.
"Hoosier" is used in the names of numerous Indiana-based businesses and organizations.
The word is also encountered in sea shanties.
This version was subsequently retold by Gov.
These two steps are repeated until all real zeros are found for the polynomial.
The following Python code implements Horner's method.
Quite how he gained that familiarity has not been determined.
Lathbury said, I never reached back out.
This led to substantial coverage in the press.
New publication dates were repeatedly announced, but it never appeared.
Some antidepressants have sedating effects.
However, barbiturates are still used in general anesthesia, for epilepsy, and assisted suicide.
High doses can still induce the central nervous system effect of drowsiness.
A second "panic party" abandoned ship.
Shells began hitting "Dunraven", detonating her depth charges and setting her stern afire.
Her crew remained hidden letting the fires burn.
Hacking courses can create a moral compass for young hackers.
Levy identifies several "true hackers" who significantly influenced the hacker ethic.
The hacker ethic and its wider context can be associated with liberalism and anarchism.
Hotel management is a globally accepted professional career field and academic field of study.
The precursor to the modern hotel was the inn of medieval Europe.
Full-service hotels range in quality from mid-scale to luxury.
He called the admission the most devastating moment of my life.
She defined an era and made her mark on the nation, he stated.
The headline on the cover read Introducing America's Princess, Mrs.
Relations between Khalqists and Parchamites deteriorated during this period.
It was during this period that Amin became Kabul's strongman.
During this period Amin became acquainted with Nur Muhammad Taraki, a communist.
Hubris is often associated with a lack of humility.
Hubris is not the requital of past injuries; this is revenge.
This concept of honour is akin to a zero-sum game.
Eight employees drank some of the contaminated water.
Heavy water was also acquired from the Cominco plant in Trail, British Columbia, Canada.
Russian and British plutonium production also used graphite-moderated reactors.
This academic discipline also studies the cultural, economic, and political impacts of scientific innovation.
History of science and technology is a well developed field in India.
At least three generations of scholars can be identified.
These are the so-called "Wheeler's bags of gold".
An object with relatively high entropy is microscopically random, like a hot gas.
The faculty and staff are highly regarded regional artists.
There was plenty of game.
Courier companies with operations at the airport include United Parcel Service and Cargojet Canada.
His heir was Sigismund.
This predominantly religious movement was propelled by social issues and strengthened Czech national awareness.
This required the removal of the existing hierarchy and the secularisation of ecclesiastical possessions.
He is considered by many Orthodox Christians as the patron saint of North America.
He became a hermit with Abbot Nazarius' blessing.
He then entered monastic life as a novice at Sarov Monastery.
Let "X" be a metric space.
Suppose "X" is non-empty.
The company's motto is "Keine Kompromisse!
The company has locations in Virginia, New Hampshire, and Georgia.
It was unclear exactly how many or who exported them to Libya.
The two-part bolt consists of a bolt head with rollers and a bolt carrier.
An optional three-lugged barrel is also available for mounting a quick-detachable suppressor.
Aftermarket replacement handguards with Picatinny rails are available.
He left Congress before it declared independence.
Middleton served in a variety of public offices in South Carolina.
Some of Middleton's children married into prominent families.
Salt and phosphates act as strong inhibitors of proteolytic activity.
Preservation methods include curing, smoking, and salting.
In many countries the term is now protected by statute, with a specific definition.
Afterward, the estate passed through several hands.
Henry was their third child and eldest son.
This took place in the company of Richard Oswald.
However, Rolls-Royce viewed transatlantic cooperation as necessary.
The engine was given the Rolls Royce name "Swallow".
The engine was viewed as being "the heart of Hotol's very low launch costs".
However, some sharks are considered man-eaters, also known as "niuhi".
Their heads have lateral projections which give them a hammer-like shape.
They are usually light gray and have a greenish tint.
Its use as an ignition timing device in various distributor types is as follows.
But if the Hall parameter is high, the electron movements are highly curved.
First the base, or invert, was poured.
The men who removed this rock were called "high scalers".
It contained of material.
It is a direct sequel to "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer".
After a while, Huck and Jim come across a grounded steamship.
The early criticism focused on what was perceived as the book's crudeness.
The harpsichord was widely used in Renaissance and Baroque music.
The English diarist Samuel Pepys mentions his "tryangle" several times.
Harpsichords of this type of historically informed building practice dominate the current scene.
The only "living" portion of the hair is found in the follicle.
Additionally, it can be used as a communication tool and as a camouflage.
These hairs then form a heat-trapping layer above the epidermis.
Of these only India became a customer, purchasing the Sea Harrier.
This is a dog-fighting tactic, allowing for more sudden braking and higher turn rates.
Trainee pilots are often drawn from highly experienced and skilled helicopter pilots.
It was therefore modified to carry a torpedo.
Remi proved a successful student, being awarded prizes for excellence.
He stated that not replying to children's letters would be to betray their dreams.
If split off entirely, he leads to violence, substance abuse and sexual perversion.
The reception of "Aradia" amongst Neopagans has not been entirely positive.
Howard's son later admitted that his father had carved the statue himself.
A "haggis burger" is a patty of fried haggis served on a bun.
It can be boiled, baked, or deep fried.
Some commercial haggis is largely made from pig, rather than sheep, offal.
That same year, baseball fans named Aaron to the Major League Baseball All-Century Team.
Mickey Owen, the team's manager, helped Aaron with his batting stance.
And listen to this crowd!
Other artists, including George Frederic Watts and William Dyce, also portrayed grail subjects.
The second concerns the Grail's history in the time of Joseph of Arimathea.
The original text-based version of "Hunt the Wumpus" uses a command line text interface.
The player wins the game if he kills the Wumpus.
That same year he also acquired the "Omaha Bee" and "News".
The "San Francisco Examiner" is now published as a daily freesheet.
Hearst experimented with every aspect of newspaper publishing, from page layouts to editorial crusades.
The film was written and directed by Bruce Robinson.
Look at Prohibition: all it did was make a lot of criminals rich.
Over time it has developed different and somewhat divergent meanings.
He also attacks what he calls "Historism", which he regards as distinct from historicism.
Consequently, their essence can be sought only by understanding said history.
Today, Hunter College is a comprehensive teaching and research institution.
Unlike Hunter's campus schools, Hunter Science does not require an entrance exam for admission.
"The Envoy" is the main campus newspaper, published bi-weekly during the academic year.
It was a profoundly disturbing act of self-discipline.
Other people the media calls 'satirists' don't work that way.
Shearer received the role when he was seven years old.
Many high fantasy stories are told from the viewpoint of one main hero.
Often, much of the plot revolves around their heritage or mysterious nature.
They begins the story young, if not as an actual child.
Masochism means an individual who takes pleasure from their own pain or humiliation.
People sometimes exchange sex for money or access to other resources.
These laws vary to some extent; such acts are called incestuous.
These failures will require welding or other repair methods and perhaps parts replacement.
A water-powered pump unit is a hydraulic turbine coupled to a water pump.
Once the delivery pipe is full the valve can be left open.
The levels of sexual dimorphism are generally seen as a marker of sexual selection.
Sexuality is related to family structure and partly shapes it.
Their finding stimulated some debate at the time.
These measurements point to an increasingly generalized, and generally omnivorous diet in "Homo habilis".
"H. habilis" used these stones to butcher and skin the animals.
Other diatonic harmonicas include octave harmonicas.
The reed plate is a grouping of several reeds in a single housing.
Each reed sits inside a single cell in the comb.
Hop acids also contribute to and stabilize the foam qualities of beer.
Unboiled hops are only mildly bitter.
Hops are toxic to dogs.
Huey, Dewey and Louie appear more regularly in Paris.
The Walt Disney Productions Story Dept.
Huey, Dewey and Louie appear as characters only at Tokyo Disney and Disneyland Paris.
Fragments of previous law codes have been found.
Under the rule of Hammurabi's successor Samsu-iluna, the short-lived Babylonian Empire began to collapse.
The first few decades of Hammurabi's reign were quite peaceful.
Poisson was a member of the French Academy, which reviewed Fresnel's work.
See Huygens' Theory and the Modern Photon Wavefunction below.
The superposition of all the waves results in the observed pattern of wave propagation.
In Old Testament law, offerings were made in the temple to God.
These species are known to feed on nectar and produce honey.
The bees may first be pacified by using smoke from a bee smoker.
The victorious Vortimer was poisoned by Rowena, and Vortigern returned to the throne.
The Saxons and the Britons, led by Vortimer, met in four battles.
The original Old English word for a horse was "eoh".
It regained the rights to the "Hero System" and to the "Champions" trademark.
To some degree this is simply cosmetic.
Limitations are added separately as positive numbers, even though they are listed as negative.
Davy's friends said: This boy Humphry is incorrigible.
Davy seriously injured himself in a laboratory accident with nitrogen trichloride.
In Greek, deipnon means the evening meal, usually the largest meal of the day.
Dogs were also sacrificed to the road.
In late imagery she also has two ghostly dogs as servants by her side.
For example, Ikaros is known to be regulator of numerous biological events.
Most Scots still celebrate New Year's Day with a special dinner, usually steak pie.
In modern Scotland this practice has died out.
"Handsel" was a word for gift and hence "Handsel Day".
Before sexual maturity occurs, it is more difficult to determine a young hamster's sex.
Two of the three sampled species within "Cricetulus" represent the earliest split.
The two Russian occupations had been harsh and were not easily forgotten.
On one side there were the "white" civil guards, who fought for the anti-Socialists.
However, Russification opened up a large Russian market especially for machinery.
The term is also used to describe aspects of other religions and belief structures.
The distinction coincides with the Holy Spirit as either a temporary or permanent gift.
He explains that The meeting of spiritualistic can take place in the Spirit.
The lone high-energy by-product, the proton, can be contained using electric and magnetic fields.
However, most of the mantle is not directly accessible.
In the case of the former, there is no solid roadmap to power generation.
We will assume that the Hamiltonian is also independent of time.
Rigorously, to take functions of unbounded operators, a functional calculus is required.
Some hi-hats allow the tripod to be tilted or rotated.
Sabian introduced the Triple Hi-Hat, designed by Peter Kuppers.
It is engaged by pressing a lock pedal separate from the main pedal.
And in a short film he is voiced by Andrew Stanton.
In the film the artificial intelligence is shown to triumph easily.
The products for both hydrolyses are compounds with carboxylic acid groups.
Acid-base-catalysed hydrolyses are very common; one example is the hydrolysis of amides or esters.
Hydrolysis is related to energy metabolism and storage.
It contains oxygen bonded to hydrogen.
In organic chemistry, alcohol and carboxylic acids contain hydroxy groups.
Water, alcohols, carboxylic acids, and many other hydroxy-containing compounds can be deprotonated readily.
Some fish have warm-blooded characteristics, such as the opah.
Very few fungi can survive the body temperatures of warm-blooded animals.
In another tradition, attested by Hesiod, Hera bore Hephaestus alone.
With Thalia, Hephaestus was sometimes considered the father of the Palici.
Consequently, the mythic image of the lame smith is widespread.
During an argument, he shot and killed his stepbrother.
He was raised with English as well as Afrikaans.
His biography was written several times by Valerie Rosenberg.
In siege warfare, the introduction of rifling had the opposite effect.
"Haufen", sometimes in the compound "Gewalthaufen", also designated a pike square formation in German.
However, howitzers had a shorter maximum range than the equivalent gun.
In less than one year, it was the first to deliver a prototype vehicle.
The first models were built in a variety of military-based equipment and versions.
American company Raser Technologies along with several others expressed interest in buying the company.
It seated three with a payload and weighed just over one ton.
There is some underbody armor that moderately protects against mines and roadside bombs.
Even more advanced kits were also being developed.
Hipparchus later discovered the precession of the Earth.
The scientific revolution established science as a source for the growth of knowledge.
Many ancient civilizations collected astronomical information in a systematic manner through simple observation.
It can be found in most whitening toothpastes.
Hydrogen peroxide exhibits oxidizing and reducing properties, depending on pH.
Its chemistry is dominated by the nature of its unstable peroxide bond.
Hesychastic practice involves acquiring an inner focus and blocking of the physical senses.
The Uncreated Light that the Hesychast experiences is identified with the Holy Spirit.
Members of the groups remained, however, in contact over the years.
In addition, more land was cleared for vineyards and crops.
They also pioneered the manufacturing of silk in the United States.
Additionally, Huneric murdered many members of the Hasdingi dynasty and also persecuted Manichaeans.
The couple had one child, a son named Hilderic.
Huneric was a fervent adherent to Arianism.
They lived in areas of today's southern Poland, western Ukraine, Slovakia and Hungary.
In certain images, the wings spring directly from the ankles.
Several writers of the Hellenistic period expanded the list of Hermes's achievements.
In Greek, a lucky find is a "hermaion".
This model is then used to construct an investable portfolio of those assets.
Hedge funds, however, are actively managed, so that tracking is impossible.
Serious side effects include slowed or irregular breathing and chest tightness.
It is no longer manufactured by Knoll in Germany, nor is a generic available.
In contrast to hydromorphone, it is described as inactive.
Generally the methods are similar to overall cannabis consumption.
Generally, more herb than resin is consumed in Europe.
As hashish is a derivative of cannabis, it has the same substance properties.
Hypnosis may be useful as an adjunct therapy for weight loss.
The central theoretical disagreement regarding hypnosis is known as the "state versus nonstate" debate.
None mentioned the water being cold or feeling pain.
He also served on baseball rules committees and influenced the game itself.
Chadwick later willed his baseball library to Spalding.
Chadwick edited John Botts' work titled "The Great Rebellion".
Most of the administrative staff works in different administrative sections, such as Student Affairs.
Her main opponent was Ross W. Relles, Junior a businessman.
In winning, Fargo became the first Latina mayor of an American city.
In that election, she faced attorney and community activist Roger Dickinson.
Different schools of thought interpret Brahman as either personal, impersonal or transpersonal.
Related terms are monolatrism and kathenotheism.
Further, the term henotheism does not exclude monism, nondualism or dualism.
Hedwig accepted the death of her beloved husband with faith.
Through her sister Gertrude, she was the aunt of Saint Elizabeth of Hungary.
Hedwig glasses are named after Hedwig of Andechs.
Other books were also published.
Virtually all modern sects maintain this hereditary principle.
The spread of Hasidism also incurred organized opposition.
Because the clarinet's resonator is cylindrical, the even-numbered harmonics are less present.
An overtone is any partial above the lowest partial.
See also: Lipps-Meyer law.
This spiritual devotion motivates pious conduct beyond everyday limits.
Hoosier Hysteria has not completely diminished however.
The University of Indianapolis Greyhounds have a storied basketball history.
This accomplishment would not be matched for over six decades.
Alexander spent most of the First World War on the Western Front.
He was an aristocratic type, who didn't like newspaper men.
This stemmed from his development of Moseley's law in X-ray spectra.
This remains the accepted model today.
The X-ray spectrometers as Moseley knew them worked as follows.
Harry enjoys playing many sports, playing competitive polo, skiing, and motocross.
Fisher House Foundation is one of the Invictus Games' sponsors.
I consider Paki as an abbreviation for Pakistani.
It produced copious amounts of hail in one small area.
When hailstones exceed in diameter, planes can be seriously damaged within seconds.
Unlike ice pellets, hailstones are layered and can be irregular and clumped together.
They showed conclusively that it was.
Tests subject to determine degree of physical and emotional suggestibility.
Janet coined the term 'subconscious' to describe this part of the mind.
In other sources, the game is called "Gallows", "The Game of Hangin", or "Hanger".
If the word is correct, the game is over and the guesser wins.
Thus it illustrates why the harmonic mean works in this case.
Thus the "n"th harmonic mean is related to the "n"th geometric and arithmetic means.
The arithmetic mean is often mistakenly used in places calling for the harmonic mean.
"C. alleganiensis" feeds primarily on crayfish and small fish.
A below-favorable oxygen content can make life equally difficult.
Unlike most salamanders, the hellbender performs external fertilization.
David Pogue, a technology writer, journalist and commentator, is his great nephew.
Edgerton used stroboscopes to study synchronous motors for his Sc.D.
Later Herbert Grier joined them.
He is the recipient of many other honors and awards.
He was surrounded by family and close friends.
The couple had two sons: Stephen and David.
This was based on a manuscript known as "Jofraskinna".
Eggertson's copy went to the Royal Library at Stockholm.
The earliest parchment copy of the work is referred to as "Kringla".
It also houses a vast photographic archive for the Hedmark region.
The first mayor of Hamar was Christian Borchgrevink.
The name is identical with the word "hamarr" which means "rocky hill".
Pacumeni was personally slain by Coriantumr against the walls of Zarahemla.
Still, some of the conspirators were found and sentenced to death.
Pacumeni was elevated to Judge in place of Pahoran.
Krush attended Edward R. Murrow High School in Brooklyn.
On the tenth move, Krush suggested a novelty, for which the World Team voted.
Hillary Clinton was tasked with identifying the real Irina Krush.
Iceland's principal historical international disputes involved disagreements over fishing rights.
Radio is broadcast throughout the country, including some parts of the interior.
Italy is the twelfth largest carbon dioxide producer.
Italy is widely known for being the birthplace of opera.
Geobotanically, the Italian flora is shared between the Circumboreal Region and Mediterranean Region.
Many Indian festivals are religious in origin.
Field hockey in India is administered by Hockey India.
The remaining five union territories are directly ruled by the centre through appointed administrators.
"Rajasthan Diary" quotes it as a soulful, full-throated music with harmonious diversity.
Rabindra Sangeet used Indian classical music and traditional folk music as sources.
Sometimes, the music of India will fuse with the traditional music of other countries.
Other tools include Speedshop for performance tuning, and Performance Co-Pilot.
The Internet can then be accessed from such places as a park bench.
YouTube and Flickr specialize in users' videos and photographs.
The three branches of the modern Indo-Iranian languages are Indo-Aryan, Iranian, and Nuristani.
Numerous smaller languages exist.
The Indo-Iranian languages derive from a reconstructed common proto-language, called Proto-Indo-Iranian.
Measurements of manufacturing industries outputs and economic effect are not historically stable.
Over time, the fraction of a society's industry within each sector changes.
This movement first rose among industrial workers.
Their fur is long and mostly from whitish over reddish up to grey.
Isaac Asimov was heavily influenced by the Binder short story.
One example of this is in the technology industry.
Early printings contained a dedication To R. T. H.
Henley's literary reputation rests almost entirely upon this single poem.
The service sector consists of the production of services instead of end products.
This shift is called tertiarisation.
Historically, manufacturing tended to be more open to international trade and competition than services.
In more developed economies additional capital is invested in primary means of production.
This sector is often divided into light industry and heavy industry.
The field is an important source for engineering job opportunities.
These economists contend that an economy begins to decline as its wealth-producing sector shrinks.
Zero is considered to be both real and imaginary.
The concept had appeared in print earlier, for instance in work by Gerolamo Cardano.
In this case the equality does not hold as the numbers are both negative.
Criminal offenses are divided into two broad categories: cognisable offenses and non-cognisable offenses.
This can be done for a number of reasons.
The complaint is considered merely an accusation.
As the Romans never conquered Ireland, architecture of Greco-Roman origin is extremely rare.
There are also many stylistic differences between these two forms.
These charters specifically governed the design of these towns.
Relations between the involuntary Irish immigrants and the local English population were strained.
On release, and being returned to work, he refused to be cross-ironed.
This view of the Irish-American experience is depicted by another traditional song, Paddy's Lamentation.
Moreover, is a principal ideal.
Note that certain non-zero integers map to zero in certain rings.
Some impressionist composers, Debussy and Ravel in particular, are also labeled as symbolist composers.
It is the exchange of goods and services among nations of the world.
Services are also traded: tourism, banking, consulting and transportation.
Metadata providing information on definitions and methods are often published along with the data.
In the geostatistics community Gaussian process regression is also known as Kriging.
Furthermore, its second derivative is zero at the end points.
This leads to Hermite interpolation problems.
An "extensional" statement is a non-intensional statement.
Intension is analogous to the signified in the Saussurean system, extension to the referent.
Substitution of co-extensive expressions into it always preserves logical value.
It was his personal favorite and considered by many to be equal to "Nightfall".
Also, the one-to-one model would let students learn at their own pace.
I finally decided that I'm a creature of emotion as well as of reason.
These are scattered over both sides of the equator.
Architecture reflects the diversity of cultural that have shaped Indonesia as a whole.
Every ethnic in Indonesia has it own uniqueness, style, and philosophy of craft.
France and Britain established trade companies for the area.
Endangered marine species include the dugong, seals, turtles, and whales.
Returning ships brought gold and myrrh.
Weber translated this compliment also.
It is located on a small peninsula separating Koojesse Inlet from Tarr Inlet.
For the history of the air base, see Frobisher Bay Air Base.
Cargo is off-loaded onto barges as the harbour is not deep enough.
Tristan da Cunha is an example of a hotspot volcano in the Atlantic Ocean.
The reef rises to the surface of the water and forms a new island.
There are two main types of islands in the sea: continental and oceanic.
Because of its natural environment and history, it has become a tourist location.
Kapawa, the king of Hawaii prior to Pili, was buried here.
The remains were buried in secret places.
Newslaundry covered the phenomenon of "Twitter Trolling" in its Criticles.
That same presentation also emphasized changing the topic of conversation as a winning strategy.
The case of "Zeran versus America Online, Inc." resulted primarily from trolling.
India is thus referred to as the "fastest continent".
Northernmost point which is under Indian administration is Indira Col, Siachen Glacier.
The Indo-Gangetic plains rank among the world's most densely populated areas.
These claims are controversial.
These studies paint a complex and conflicting picture.
Work is divided between various ministers into various departments and ministries.
A regional party may gain a majority and rule a particular state.
The current President is Ram Nath Kovind.
However, still, only the government owned "Doordarshan" has the licence for terrestrial television broadcast.
Liberalisation in the basic telecom sector was also envisaged in this policy.
The Corporation also operates in Malta and Iran through joint ventures.
Many temples have sculptures of God being carried in a "palki".
Indian Railways is divided into seventeen zones including the Kolkata Metro Railway.
The Bangladesh government has refused to accept these allegations.
The applicants are invited for coffee and visa is given immediately.
However, one complex issue in Indo-Iran relations is the issue of Iran's nuclear programme.
These religions are also all classified as Eastern religions.
The vast majority of its adherents originate in the Punjab region.
The Brahmans became powerful intermediairies.
Some jurisdictions impose local option sales tax.
English is the state's predominant language.
All of Idaho's state laws are contained in the Idaho Code and Statutes.
One example is compensation arising out of a road accident.
In reality, a road traffic accident is rarely complicated.
However, in a complicated case, the pleadings may not give enough information.
To avoid a trial, Intel agreed to comply with the order.
At its founding, Intel was distinguished by its ability to make semiconductors.
Intel has faced complaints of age discrimination in firing and layoffs.
He joined the Committee of Union and Progress.
He served as a military officer during the Balkan Wars on the Ottoman-Bulgarian front.
Mechanisms for the reactions of transition metals are discussed differently from main group compounds.
Descriptive inorganic chemistry focuses on the classification of compounds based on their properties.
A topical theme within this specialization is supramolecular coordination chemistry.
His work often deals with death, illness, faith, betrayal, bleakness and insanity.
Three of his films won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
His father was a conservative parish minister with strict ideas of parenting.
He had not, it seems, sufficient foresight to make it a perpetual motion.
Newton classified the cubic curves in the plane.
Newton's work has been said "to distinctly advance every branch of mathematics then studied".
The word "inventor" comes form the latin verb "invenire", "invent-", to find.
Ends based on physical needs or wants can create merely hypothetical imperatives.
This necessitates practical self-reflection in which we universalize our reasons.
In Kant's essay Answering the Question: What is Enlightenment?
Suharto invited major foreign investment, which produced substantial, if uneven, economic growth.
He was replaced by his deputy Jusuf Habibie.
A period of unrest with city guerrilla warfare called the Bersiap period ensued.
At Indonesia's eastern extremity is western New Guinea, which lies on the Sahul Shelf.
The islands of North Maluku are the original Spice Islands, a distinct rainforest ecoregion.
A string of volcanoes stretches from Sumatra to the Banda Sea.
Indonesia demographic composition has a relatively young population.
Most Indonesian Hindus are Balinese and most Buddhists in modern-day Indonesia are Tionghoa.
A number of Chinese varieties, most prominently Min Nan, are also spoken.
The president and vice-president are selected by vote of the citizens for five-year terms.
Legislative power is vested in both the government and the two People's Representative Councils.
The president heads the Kabinet Kerja which means the cabinet of work.
"The New York Times" expressed concern that Indonesia's cheap labour advantage might be lost.
The crisis further highlighted areas where additional reform was needed.
This growth was financed largely from private investment, both foreign and domestic.
A number of lines connect Indonesia to international communication routes.
On average, the mobile sector scores best, with fixed and broadband following.
The media in Indonesia is regulated by the Ministry of Communications and Informatics.
A wide variety of vehicles are used for transportation on Indonesia's roads.
Jakarta also has one of the worst traffic jams in the world.
These ships generally provide the least expensive way to cover long distances between islands.
The Indonesian armed forces are voluntary.
Indonesian military continue its involvement and contribution in United Nations peacekeeping missions.
The armed forces regularly engage in large-scale community and rural development.
Cooperative relations are maintained today, although no formal security treaties bind the two countries.
The exact number of islands comprising Indonesia varies among definitions and sources.
It drafts legislation, ratifies international treaties, and approves the national budget.
All sanctioned media outlets in Iran are either state-owned or subject to monitoring.
By the time of the Sasanians, Iranian art came across a general renaissance.
At that point, the monarchy found itself completely isolated.
The effects of the sanctions on the civilian population of Iraq have been disputed.
Of the early history of the kingdom of Assyria, little is positively known.
Some areas, however, although arid, do have natural vegetation in contrast to the desert.
The growth of Baghdad, for example, was restricted by dikes on its eastern edge.
Between Upper and Lower Mesopotamia is the urban area surrounding Baghdad.
The religious differences between Sunni Arabs and Sunni Kurds are small.
Nearly all Iraqi Kurds are Yazidi, Muslim or follow Zoroastrianism.
Numerous languages of the Caucasus are also spoken by minorities, notably the Chechen community.
The legislative branch is composed of the Council of Representatives and a Federation Council.
The basic subdivisions of the country are the regions and the governorates.
The Foundation of Martyrs is attached to the Council of Ministers.
Most of the trees found in that region are not suitable for lumbering.
Company shares are subject to change as a result of commercial negotiations between parties.
The agricultural sector shed workers.
Both nations share their experiences in rebuilding and development.
Fidel Castro even provided doctors to perform back surgery on Hussein.
Iran did not accept Iraq's offer to negotiate an end to the war.
Immigration began to far outweigh emigration.
The most common foreign nationalities include Polish, British, Lithuanian, Latvian and Nigerian.
Gaelic culture and language forms an important part of the Irish national identity.
There was a massive backlash to this from sections of the Unionist community.
The constitution falls within the liberal democratic tradition.
The switches are connected by dedicated resilient fibre links.
However, the fixed-line market is still dominated by the incumbent operator Eir.
In Northern Ireland, the road network and railways are in state ownership.
There is also a connection between Liverpool and Belfast via the Isle of Man.
Both are part of state-owned Translink.
Concerning the Taiwan issue, Ireland follows a One-China policy.
This was changed a week later with the adoption of the London Declaration.
Aid has had to be reduced because of the Irish financial crisis.
Israel is located at the eastern end of the Mediterranean Sea in western Asia.
Along the Mount Carmel range is Hof HaCarmel, or the Carmel Coastal Plain.
Most Arab citizens of Israel are Muslim, particularly of the Sunni branch of Islam.
A fluctuating segment of Baha'is consists of pilgrims.
Israel was ranked first also in its supply of skilled manpower.
Some non-tariff barriers and tariffs on goods remain, however.
Other major regions that purchase Israeli defense equipment include Southeast Asia and Latin America.
Eleven minutes after midnight, the United States "de facto" recognized the State of Israel.
They are preparing to make war on us.
It was strongly opposed by Zisling, a member of the secularist Mapam.
Italy is part of the Eastern Hemisphere.
The highest peak in Italy is Mont Blanc, at above sea level.
Italy includes several islands.
However the distribution of the population is widely uneven.
There are no data collected through census.
Education is possible in minority languages where such schools are operating.
What was to follow was then called the transition to the "Second Republic".
Aldo Moro, a relatively left-leaning Christian democrat, inspired this alliance.
The president is also commander-in-chief in the time of war.
The most famous Italian wines are probably the Tuscan Chianti and the Piedmontese Barolo.
Even at present, huge regional disparities persist.
Also, children are hit hard.
Airport shuttle buses, however, are highly developed and convenient for rail travellers.
The network is recently growing with the construction of the new high-speed rail network.
These "regional" tickets could be purchased at local newsagents or tobacco stores instead.
The "Arma dei Carabinieri" is the gendarmerie and military police of Italy.
As part of Operation Enduring Freedom, Italy contributed to the international operation in Afghanistan.
Italy is currently commanding various multinational forces.
There is a recording of Dante's Divine Comedy read by Lino Pertile available online.
As in most Romance languages, stress is distinctive.
There are three types of adjectives: descriptive, invariable and form-changing.
He attended Crenshaw High School, which was almost entirely made up of black students.
He was dubbed the Original Player Hater.
In the funeral text of Pepi I, the metal is mentioned.
Archaeological excavations in Hyderabad show an Iron Age burial site.
This was known as The Great Split.
Undernet survived these periods relatively intact and its popularity continues to the present day.
Its use is to protect unregistered channels.
The generic round-robin address is irc.dal dot net.
The network was first crushed by attacks, and then by its own user base.
File transfers were still allowed but not on a large scale.
Development of BitchX was on hiatus for several years but is now resuming.
This was before format string attacks became a well-known class of vulnerability.
One is its scripting language which is further developed with each version.
Both command line and graphical versions were available.
Previous builds for Windows were removed from the official site.
Some servers, such as ircd-ratbox, do both.
This causes fewer kicks, but causes more inconvenience to users.
For this reason, timestamping is generally more common.
Personality theorists believe intellectual property is an extension of an individual.
Examples of such doctrines are the fair use and fair dealing doctrine.
They naturally imitate Galt-Magnon, and they start building their own cabins.
It was an epic of English colonial cruelty and inadequacy.
Lord John Russell was not sympathetic to this appeal.
It has also come under the influence of Irish religious tradition.
It never happened.
In the past, various definitions of "Italic" have prevailed.
No early form of Italic is available to match Mycenaean Greek.
From the point of view of Proto-Indo-European, the Italic languages are fairly conservative.
This has put the responsibility for choosing the appropriate character codec on the client.
Most networks today use the timestamping approach.
Some systems also use ideograms, symbols denoting abstract concepts.
The system was initially used to mark airports and gradually became more widespread.
Mathematical symbols are a type of ideogram.
The Irish delegation was led by Arthur Griffith and Michael Collins.
Outside Dublin and Munster, there were only isolated areas of intense activity.
Usually, these consisted of shooting or grenade attacks on British patrols.
These compounds participate in transporting gases, building enzymes, and transferring electrons.
Iron in low amounts is found in molasses, teff, and farina.
Task group one is based on Bluetooth technology.
The common features of both meshes include network initialization, addressing, and multihop unicasting.
An individual working group provides the focus for each area.
Some clauses and annexes have been renumbered.
Control frames facilitate in the exchange of data frames between stations.
Up to four channels may be bonded in either one or two contiguous blocks.
Have an Irn Bru.
It is bottled by Oasis, the same company that bottles Coca-Cola.
Irn-Bru ice cream is also available.
Existing older "Draft Standards" retain that classification.
There were previously three standard maturity levels "Proposed Standard", "Draft Standard" and "Internet Standard".
Proposed Standards are of such quality that implementations can be deployed in the Internet.
This gives the opportunity for all members to review the text.
In finance, internalization can refer to several concepts.
In psychoanalytic theory, internalization is a process involving the formation of the super ego.
Such disorders and behaviors include depression, anxiety disorder, bulimia and anorexia.
This is similar to the crustal abundance of silver, bismuth and mercury.
Indium is a silvery-white, highly ductile post-transition metal with a bright luster.
It is thus little-known.
It is a colourless gas that reacts with oxygen to give water and iodine.
In medicine, a saturated solution of potassium iodide is used to treat acute thyrotoxicosis.
It is controlled by several foundations based in the Netherlands, Luxembourg and Liechtenstein.
The corporate structure is divided into two main parts: operations and franchising.
It is available worldwide.
Organoiridium compounds contain iridium-carbon bonds where the metal is usually in lower oxidation states.
They always observed a small amount of a dark, insoluble residue.
An iridium-platinum alloy was used for the touch holes or vent pieces of cannon.
All consonants in the English language fall into this category.
The Spanish bilabial and dental approximants are commonly written as lowered fricatives, and respectively.
Morse uses immense intuition and his fantastic memory to get to the killer.
Morse's partnership and friendship with Lewis is a fundamental aspect of the series.
Hiberno-Norse coins were first minted under Sihtric, King of Dublin.
The Brythonic culture of "Manaw" appears throughout early British tradition and later Welsh writings.
The Neolithic Period marked the coming of farming, improved stone tools and pottery.
At lower levels it can fall to around a year.
The island's terrain is varied.
The Church of England is the established church.
A political pressure group Mec Vannin advocates the establishment of a sovereign republic.
The island also formerly had a Manx National Party.
The Second Deemster normally sits as the judge in this court.
Trade is mostly with the United Kingdom.
The Isle of Man has also recently entered the online gambling industry.
The good causes funding is distributed by the Manx Lottery Trust.
The cable was single-core, with gutta-percha insulation.
These were the first off-island microwave links.
That application was rejected.
The island's other paved runways are at Jurby and Andreas.
Ports are located at Castletown, Douglas, Peel and Ramsey.
Information theory also has applications in gambling and investing, black holes, and bioinformatics.
Information theory studies the transmission, processing, extraction, and utilization of information.
Consider the communications process over a discrete channel.
Sometimes the term "information flood" is used as well.
Another common technique to deal with such amount of information is qualitative research.
Expansion of the number of fields being collected, known as the "collect more" trend.
Similar definitions are recorded in both English and Welsh medieval law tracts.
It is also used in Japan for electronic parts, especially display screens.
An Anglo-Saxon unit of length was the barleycorn.
Some inns in Europe are several centuries old.
Examples are Premier Inn, Holiday Inn, Comfort Inn, Days Inn and Knights Inn.
The front, facing the road was ornamental and welcoming for travelers.
The contest consists of two days of computer programming and problem-solving of algorithmic nature.
At the awarding ceremony, contestants are awarded medals depending on their relative total score.
The program is graded by being run with secret test data.
It was derived from the Phoenician letter Yodh.
The former diphthongs became digraphs for simple vowels in Koine Greek.
Its antonym or opposite condition is priapism.
For tobacco smokers, cessation results in a significant improvement.
Treatment depends on the cause.
When a person dies, one does not say that the person's life has "changed".
Certainly, the word, "same", has such a sense.
They defend mereological essentialism.
In total, several dozen people were investigated by Walsh's office.
His convictions were also overturned on appeal on similar grounds.
However, he was overruled by Clair George.
They also produced one notable business application, a relational database called "Cornerstone".
The program failed for a number of reasons.
The Solid Gold versions of those games include a built-in InvisiClues hint system.
This level of complexity is the standard for works of interactive fiction today.
Adventure's parsers could only handle two-word sentences in the form of verb-noun pairs.
Alternatively, works may be distributed for playing in a web browser.
The curve itself has a big impact on its performance.
The blade width of most skates are about thick.
This includes rapid starts, stops, turns, and changes in skating direction.
In C, it is denoted by short.
Other possibilities include offset binary, sign-magnitude, and ones' complement.
There are four well-known ways to represent signed numbers in a binary computing system.
Almost everything within the image has a symbolic aspect.
In this version there is no image.
Can it be one of thy gods that is painted here?
Icon also has co-expressions, providing non-local exits for program execution.
To demonstrate the power of this concept, consider string operations.
Unlike strings, a slice using a range cannot be a lvalue.
The artwork is primarily seen as a document of its time.
This is not a tautology.
The Austrian art historian Hans Sedlmayr differentiated between "sachliche" and "methodische" iconology.
The phrase eventually became commonly used to also describe mass killings of American Indians.
In an older historiography, key events in this history were narrated as battles.
It is now more common for scholars to refer to these events as massacres.
But, there are divergent views on whether it is licit to do so.
The technical details of the adjustment are described in Tabular Islamic calendar.
Thus "gathering day" is often regarded as the weekly day of rest.
Quartiles divide a rank-ordered data set into four equal parts.
The median is the corresponding measure of central tendency.
The interquartile range is often used to find outliers in data.
As a documentary of "Raiders" pointed out, the hat served a practical purpose.
Indiana also saves many enslaved children.
Indiana's intentions are revealed as prosocial, as he believes artifacts belong in a museum.
This applies notably to rational expressions over a field.
Examples of this are ordinals and graphs.
Two mathematical objects are isomorphic if an isomorphism exists between them.
See graph isomorphism.
This is what everybody does when talking of "the" set of the real numbers".
A totally ordered set without infinite descending chains is called well-ordered.
In theory all states are sovereign and equal.
Other states oppose this view.
International law is similarly concerned with the treatment of individuals within state boundaries.
Such confidentiality has been criticized as a lack of transparency.
This is seen economically, politically, militarily, as well as on the domestic level.
Otherwise, the organizations' immunities may be put in question in national and international courts.
Current proposals look to take into account the prevalence of data communications.
Some leaked contributions can be found on the wcitleaks dot org web site.
Support for the Internet standard protocols.
Multiple mailbox support also allows servers to provide access to shared and public folders.
System flags indicate state information such as whether a message has been read.
Those that reside in the Milky Way turn with the galaxy, exhibiting proper motions.
For example, consider a stationary object in an inertial frame.
So much for fictitious forces due to rotation.
These bonuses are cumulative for all alignments for both Groups.
However, intrigue, negotiation, deal-making, and deviousness are also important elements.
All cards in both factory boxed sets have basically the same rarity.
This is known as a fission-fragment rocket.
Scientists and writers have postulated various techniques for suspended animation.
Alternative designs utilizing similar principles include Project Longshot, Project Daedalus, and Mini-Mag Orion.
It is used by routers to exchange routing data within an autonomous system.
This contrasts with classless routing protocols that can use variable length subnet masks.
Using the method of internal reconstruction an earlier stage, called Pre-Proto-Indo-European, has been proposed.
Some linguists propose that Indo-European languages form part of one of several hypothetical macrofamilies.
Relations have also been proposed between Phrygian and Greek, and between Thracian and Armenian.
District territories are often complex in structure.
The judiciary is composed of the Supreme Court and lower courts.
Illinois' state income tax is calculated by multiplying net income by a flat rate.
His Twitter account was taken down shortly afterwards.
Later, police returned on reports of a possible suicide.
The city medical examiner's office confirmed Murdock was found dead.
The answer, it turns out is negative.
Any of the axioms of an inner product may be weakened, yielding generalized notions.
The basefield has to have additional structure, such as a distinguished automorphism.
His books have been adapted for theatre, radio and television.
Banks published work under two names.
He needn't have worried.
Many authors reserve the term "incunabula" for the typographic ones only.
Precise definitions depend on the subject area.
Exceptions, or inequalities, are frequently indicated by the prefix "an", hence "anisotropy".
This definition is also used in geology and mineralogy.
Additionally, reports about "Mathematics in Latin America and the Caribbean and South East Asia".
Attendees heard inspiring stories of individual mathematicians and specific developing nations.
Its members are national scientific bodies and international scientific unions.
The chemical ending denotes what type of molecule it is.
The main carbon chain is the longest possible continuous chain.
This would allow for these sequences to be compared to try to find homologies.
There were substantial differences in hydrographic procedures charts, and publications.
These first operating systems were essentially scheduled work queues.
However, models were upward compatible and most were also downward compatible.
The Cyclones compete each year for traveling trophies.
The college's first farm tenants primed the land for agricultural experimentation.
The school colors are cardinal and gold.
The Commission further seeks to development, information or improvement of astronomical education.
This principle applies regardless of the outcome of national proceedings.
The land and financing for the new construction were provided by the Netherlands.
No statute of limitations applies to any of the crimes defined in the Statute.
World-class mineral deposits can also be found there.
Earlier authors held the result to be intuitively obvious and requiring no proof.
The intermediate value theorem says that every continuous function is a Darboux function.
The proof is identical to the one given above.
After heavy house-to-house fighting, the Iraqis were repelled.
Iraq began to try to perfect its maneuver tactics.
Nevertheless, the Iranians took many losses as well, especially among the Basij.
This means that all processed pieces of information are presented at increasing intervals.
All articles and extracts are processed according to the rules of spaced repetition.
With incremental reading, a load of material is subdivided into articles and its extracts.
Successive processing involves the integration of stimuli into serial order.
The testing generated controversy and much public debate in the United States.
The full text of the report is available through several websites.
The admission to these programs is procured through Joint Entrance Examination.
Computer centre has multiple super computing clusters for research and teaching activity.
Several analogs of human insulin are available.
First-phase release and insulin sensitivity are independent predictors of diabetes.
Insulin is still secreted into the blood in response to the blood glucose.
In this field, they are more commonly referred to as reactors.
Inductive reactance is strongly frequency dependent.
Aluminium interconnect is typically used, laid out in a spiral coil pattern.
For instance, to determine an individual's morning basal requirement, they must skip breakfast.
New insulin pumps are becoming "smart" as new features are added to their design.
There are also newer "pods" which do not require tubing.
The semantic distinction reflects changing treatment.
Bolus insulin is produced during the digestion of meals.
Interwiki link notation varies, depending largely on the syntax a wiki uses for markup.
The interwiki concept can equally be applied to links "from" non-wiki websites.
Not all functions have inverse functions.
Single-variable calculus is primarily concerned with functions that map real numbers to real numbers.
Such a function is called an involution.
Inertia comes from the Latin word, "iners", meaning idle, sluggish.
The ball would simply descend vertically.
This is typically done with some sort of balance.
Hoshino Gakki licensed these for sale using the name Ibanez outside Japan.
The company has produced its own guitar designs ever since.
Cimar and Starfield were guitar and bass brands owned by Hoshino Gakki.
Some Hindu communities in India prohibit cousin marriages.
Definitions of incest varied throughout history.
The technology was developed with the help of John Wyatt of Birmingham.
There were two main values that really drove the Industrial Revolution in Britain.
Adding water separated the soluble sodium carbonate from the calcium sulphide.
One such well-known advisory opinion is the "Nuclear Weapons Case".
Jurisdiction is often a crucial question for the Court in contentious cases.
The Court's decision binds only the parties to that particular controversy.
Books published in rare languages typically have longer group identifiers.
There is no fee.
It consists of a single digit computed from the other digits in the number.
Private address prefixes may not be routed on the public Internet.
An address indicates where it is.
A multicast address is associated with a group of interested receivers.
Sufficiency is the converse of necessity.
This is an example of mathematical jargon.
Another term for this logical connective is exclusive nor.
Italian cuisine has its origins in Etruscan, ancient Greek, and ancient Roman cuisines.
The cuisine of Italy has many unique dishes and foods.
He was twice imprisoned by commissioners of array.
He also published religious works.
His after years were passed among old friends and in quiet meditation at Preston.
It governs the commercial, scientific, and aboriginal subsistence whaling practices of fifty-nine member nations.
There have been consistent disagreement over the scope of the convention.
The standards help businesses increase productivity while minimizing errors and waste.
The days of open standards development are fast disappearing.
Thoreau was motivated in part by his disgust with slavery and the Mexican-American War.
William Godwin's influenced the socialism of Robert Owen and Charles Fourier.
A recent mutualist collective was the Boston Anarchist Drinking Brigade.
Calvino's mother, Eva Mameli, was a botanist and university professor.
India has a series of ballistic missiles called Agni.
All of these rockets used liquid propellants.
Early missiles used liquid-fueled rocket motors.
After the set ends, someone will usually start another.
In an "open" session, anyone who is able to play Irish music is welcome.
This can be seen in the book "Peig" by Peig Sayers.
This can be observed in foggy weather, when the temperature drops during the night.
The ice was used to chill treats for royalty.
Ice pellets are usually smaller than hailstones.
For example, common table salt is sodium chloride.
The experimental value for the lattice energy can be determined using the Born-Haber cycle.
Thus, the bonding in the solid often retains its collective rather than localized nature.
The complement system is a biochemical cascade that attacks the surfaces of foreign cells.
Helper T cell activation also requires longer duration of engagement with an antigen-presenting cell.
These antibodies can also produce a negative response.
For a doctoral programme it is required to take two additional years of study.
It studies the relationship between the body systems, pathogens, and immunity.
The process is known as "fractional freezing" or "freeze distillation".
The result is a full flavoured balanced beer.
Then using an exclusive process, the crystals are removed.
This concept is used in algebraic structures such as groups.
It is also quite possible for to have "no" identity element.
The International Tropical Timber Organization was established under this agreement.
It defined the mandate of the International Tropical Timber Organization.
Falling just outside that definition is "Theme From Shaft" by Isaac Hayes.
These interludes are a form of break in the song.
Some recordings which include brief examples of the human voice are typically considered instrumentals.
This die is in the form of a regular icosahedron.
Icosahedral twinning also occurs in crystals, especially nanoparticles.
Icosahedral dice with twenty sides have been used since ancient times.
The subject of warrening on Dartmoor was addressed in Eden Phillpotts' story "The River".
Dartmoor granite has been used in many Devon and Cornish buildings.
Some Dartmoor farms are remote in the extreme.
In linear algebra, projections are idempotent.
When reformatting output, pretty-printing is expected to be idempotent.
As mentioned above, the identity map and the constant maps are always idempotent maps.
Cortland Transit runs commuter service to Cornell University.
Outlying areas have limited bus service, and many people consider a car essential.
Ithaca is the center of an extensive bus public transportation network.
Members of the League have been highly ranked by various university rankings.
Yale and Columbia previously fielded teams in the league but no longer do so.
Several reports suggest, however, that the proportion of students from less-affluent families remains low.
Several reasons are attributed to this.
Several other Market vendors enrolled that day.
This conversation strongly reinforced his interest in trade systems.
Put differently, an interstellar cloud is a denser-than-average region of the interstellar medium.
An example of the latter is the Magellanic Stream.
The center of his cult was in Memphis.
The text also refers to the royal tomb of Djoser.
Imhotep is credited with having been instrumental in ending it.
Ancient sources identify Ictinus and Callicrates as co-architects of the Parthenon.
Pausanias identifies Ictinus as architect of the Temple of Apollo at Bassae.
He also created the first comprehensive compilation of Archimedes' works.
During the Nika Riot, more than thirty thousand people died.
This agency would establish a kind of nuclear bank.
The Secretariat is headed by the Director General.
Budget matters require a two-thirds majority.
Its headquarters are located in the "Quartier International" of Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
These codes provide the identification that is typically used in flight plans.
Rules against 'double counting' should ensure that existing forest protection efforts are not recycled.
A number of Sub-Committees support the work of the main technical committees.
This incident prompted a series of new conventions.
The architects of the building were Douglass Marriott, Worby and Robinson.
The terms of office are three years.
Gompers also set the agenda for the draft charter protecting workers' rights.
If these conventions are ratified by enough governments, they become in force.
Jean-Paul Nerriere uses it for a constructed language.
Standard English; however, there is no consensus on the path to this goal.
Basic English is an example, but it failed to make progress.
Its operations includes seminars, journals, monographs, edited volumes and stimulating scholarship within Africa.
An online catalogue of these papers is available.
Its deficit can cause hearing loss.
It acts as a neurotrophic factor, inducing the survival of neurons.
There is no mammalian correlate.
An idiot is said to be idiotic, and to suffer from idiocy.
A few authors have used "idiot" characters in novels, plays and poetry.
"Idiots" are also barred from voting in British parliamentary elections.
It is commonly used interchangeably with the terms political Islam or "Islamic fundamentalism".
Some Islamist thinkers emphasize peaceful political processes.
Hamas has continued to be a major player in Palestine.
Instructional theory is different than learning theory.
Instructional theory helps us create conditions that increases the probability of learning.
The student thus becomes a repository of knowledge.
It is also commonly used in most standard romanizations of East-Asian languages.
The most notable are scientific publications in Russian, like those from the publisher Nauka.
The following table lists such languages.
Others provide non-Latin alphabets: Greek, Cyrillic, Hebrew, Arabic and Thai.
Efforts were made to make conversions as smooth as possible.
The pit viper has a pair of infrared sensory pits on its head.
Infrared radiation can be used as a deliberate heating source.
Infrared communications are useful for indoor use in areas of high population density.
Eight uniform star polyhedra share the same vertex arrangement.
Straight lines on the sphere are projected as circular arcs on the plane.
It is permitted to omit the 'T' character by mutual agreement.
If a time zone designator is required, it follows the combined date and time.
It is an organization established by the Law of the Sea Convention.
The Authority holds one annual session, usually of two weeks' duration.
While a handful of devices were essentially "plug-n-play", this was rare.
This may have been due, in part, to the expanding human understanding of climate.
After the opening ceremonies, closed plenary sessions were held.
How are you going to argue with that?
The committee agreed that Lowe's approach was the most likely to succeed.
Management of counties came to be exercised by grand juries.
Southern Ireland shortly afterwards became the Irish Free State.
The word "county" has come to be used in different senses for different purposes.
In such cases leadership may choose to deny the risk.
Most people have experienced software attacks of some sort.
The business environment is constantly changing and new threats and vulnerabilities emerge every day.
Income per capita has been increasing steadily in almost every country.
Increase in income also tends to lead to people choosing to work less hours.
Tourist coaches and local bus services meet the ferries.
Bike hire is available at the pier, and on Mull.
This community is a leading force in the present Celtic Christian revival.
Zamenhof deferred to their judgment, although doubtful.
Improvisational theatre often allows an interactive relationship with the audience.
Following the demise of the Compass Players, Paul Sills began The Second City.
A number of Compass members were also founding members of The Second City.
"Destiny" also serves as the mounting point for the station's Truss Structure.
Hydrogen gas is constantly vented overboard by the oxygen generators.
Solid waste is collected in individual bags which are stored in an aluminium container.
Qfwfq also narrates some stories in Calvino's "t zero".
The designers took the opportunity to make other improvements as well.
Some of the most significant changes are described below.
These include human motivation, knowledge, justification, meaning, and truth.
Call the individual who is being deceived Steve.
Critics have also claimed that content externalists are committed to epistemological absurdities.
While some scholars, such as Robert J.
The policy prohibited foreign contact with most outside countries.
Indiana University's "Hoosiers" announcer Don Fischer provides play-by-play.
Indianapolis offered loans as well as the Hoosier Dome and a training complex.
Using FieldTurf, the playing surface is roughly below ground level.
Contemporary commissions used dubious data and interpreted it in questionable ways.
She graduates college and takes a high-prestige job teaching public school.
Harvard political scientist and historian Samuel P. Huntington argued in Who Are We?
It is currently supported by a number of application and scanner vendors.
The technique can be described as a primitive, mechanical version of animatronics.
Caprino's films received rave reviews, and he quickly became a celebrity in Norway.
In addition to the short films, Caprino produced dozens of advertising films with puppets.
They simply could not natively run in this new mode without significant modification.
Rebecca then writes to her father to procure a champion for her.
Recent re-tellings of the story retain his emphasis.
Before leaving, Rebecca comes to bid Rowena a fond farewell.
Most of them use Henderson-Hasselbalch equation with different pK values.
The pI value can affect the solubility of a molecule at a given pH.
In biomolecules, proteins can be separated by ion exchange chromatography.
This subsequently became the fraudulent Ponzi scheme.
The front of each coupon is printed in French.
Bonewits was married five times.
He was later elected Archdruid of the Berkeley Grove.
Conditional-branch instructions test the various flag status bits.
Stanley Mazor contributed a couple of instructions to the instruction set.
He finally got the permission to develop it six months later.
This address space is addressed by means of internal memory "segmentation".
The above routine is a rather cumbersome way to copy blocks of data.
Precompiled libraries often come in several versions compiled for different memory models.
There were also several other, more or less similar, variants from other manufacturers.
Insulating coatings help to prevent all of these problems.
Higher voltage transmission lines usually use modular suspension insulator designs.
Wire of this type was sold by General Electric under the trade name Deltabeston.
Instead, this function is assigned to the endpoints of each communication session.
The original term for an internetwork was catenet.
Such interconnection is accomplished with network bridges and network switches.
Therefore, they need the protection of the infantry, particularly when on the move.
Their crew-served weapons were the ballista and the battering ram.
Foreign and domestic militaries typically have a slang term for their infantrymen.
It also offered support for register debugging.
This decision was ultimately crucial to Intel's success in the market.
Not all of the processors already manufactured were affected, so Intel tested its inventory.
For rank-order lists, see the other lists of islands below.
Arrays are dimensioned by assigning to them as if they were a scalar variable.
The traditional Hello, world!
The processes for encryption and decryption are similar.
To ensure sufficient diffusion, two of the sub-blocks are swapped after each round.
No successful linear or algebraic weaknesses have been reported.
Most include a rail which either the seat or the mechanism slide upon.
Commonly called a 'Fixed head' ergometer.
Most competitions are organized into categories based on sex, age, and weight class.
It may act as a transport layer protocol as well.
The socket number serves to select a process or application in the destination node.
Novell also supplied stand-alone routers.
Most conventions establish mechanisms to oversee their implementation.
Mechanisms also vary as to the degree of individual access to them.
Some of these views are summarized below.
Some indigenous nations resisted forced migration more strongly.
Native American land was sometimes purchased, either via a treaty or under duress.
Mary White was subsequently elected as the deputy Leader.
Such a declaration must be countersigned by two qualified doctors".
She established the Civil Engagement group with five Independent Senators.
The iconoclastic belief caused havoc throughout Europe.
The religious conflict created political and economic divisions in Byzantine society.
The anti-religious campaign was agreed upon by all Guangxi Kuomintang members.
Donald Alexander Mackenzie also recorded that offerings were made "to earth and sea".
This is based on the alignment of some Megalithic monuments.
The crosses were generally left there until the next Imbolc.
He made no more expeditions against either the Southern Levant or Egypt.
According to rabbinic literature, Isaiah was the maternal grandfather of Manasseh.
But after a brief interval war broke out again.
Interpreted languages can also be contrasted with machine languages.
Interpreting a language gives implementations some additional flexibility over compiled implementations.
This has become much less common.
It is often rendered into English as "uprising", "resistance", or "rebellion".
The E layer is the middle layer, to above the surface of the Earth.
Heaviside's proposal included means by which radio signals are transmitted around the Earth's curvature.
This region is also known as the Kennelly-Heaviside layer or simply the Heaviside layer.
Unassimilated foreign loanwords, or borrowed words, are spelled as in their language of origin.
If the diacritics do not affect pronunciation, they are removed.
For example, "kilometro" is acceptable, although "kilometro" is more common.
An annual walking festival has attracted considerable interest.
Its county seat is a town named Isle of Wight.
During the Second World War the island was frequently bombed.
The packet consists of header and data sections.
These measures are referred to as source quench.
The router will still send the original datagram to the intended destination.
Inverse limits can be defined in any category.
The inverse limit will also belong to that category.
The terminology is somewhat confusing: inverse limits are limits, while direct limits are colimits.
Even unprocessed rock may be useful as rocket propellant if mass drivers are employed.
No manned missions have been sent to any planet of the Solar System.
One proposal using a fusion rocket was Project Daedalus.
A vibrating crystal creates the ultrasonic waves that are radiated into the medium.
It is also used in the testing of optical components.
Traditionally, interferometers have been classified as either amplitude-division or wavefront-division systems.
In United States, gross negligence can be counted as a indictable offence.
However, the District Court can hold both jury and summary trials.
For differences between indictable offences and summary offences see summary offences.
The club is one of the most valuable in Italian and world football.
He would transform Inter into one of the greatest teams in Europe.
During that year the club changed its name to "Football Club Internazionale Milano".
They showed that human beta interferon was an unusually hydrophobic glycoprotein.
Inhibited protein synthesis destroys both the virus and infected host cells.
Many viruses have evolved mechanisms to resist interferon activity.
However, the disengagement was more than compensated by transfers to the West Bank.
Israel approved further settlements in response to the vote, which brought further worldwide condemnation.
They were established as military outposts and later expanded and populated with civilian inhabitants.
Contemporary literary theory, however, denies the attribution of such fixed meanings.
Various writers have addressed the question of Irrealism in Art.
There is no specific style to Irrealist Art.
Generally, the punch line answer highlights a stereotype of the target group.
Lightbulb jokes applied to subgroups can be used to ease tensions between them.
At that time the International System of Electrical and Magnetic Units was agreed to.
National committees are constituted in different ways.
Some operating systems allow these relaxations as well when reading optical discs.
It should be located in every directory, including the root directory.
The latter holds true also for operating systems without large file support.
Originally, skates were merely sharpened, flattened bone strapped to the bottom of the foot.
In the Fens skates were called pattens, fen runners, or Whittlesey runners.
A number of recreational skating games can be played on ice.
After risk areas were identified, a remediation strategy was developed.
This has provided the possibility to promote sport at a new level.
For example, one method of measuring the runoff contamination of water sources involves magnetism.
Noyce's design was made of silicon, whereas Kilby's chip was made of germanium.
Most integrated circuits are large enough to include identifying information.
Components could then be integrated and wired into a bidimensional or tridimensional compact grid.
Later models included "base colour" support for four colours.
Lower case characters display or print as uppercase.
A "remote" control unit is connected to a communications line by a modem.
Pei then spoke with his father at length about the proposal.
Nevertheless, they became good friends and Pei found the experience personally enriching.
His footsteps were dragging.
There are several suffixes and variants.
The extra pin prevents the chip from being installed incorrectly.
Ivory was often used to form the white of the eyes of statues.
The Chinese have long valued ivory for both art and utilitarian objects.
Ivory was prized for containers due to its ability to keep an airtight seal.
They are usually tracked, but there are some wheeled vehicles too.
The most common countermeasures are smoke grenade dischargers.
Vehicles must also protect crew against anti-personnel and anti-tank mines.
In this way, they can protect their privacy.
Please fill out the form again error.
In September of that year, Digital Sky Technologies changed its name to Mail.Ru Group.
The influence of the French Impressionists lasted long after most of them had died.
They also painted realistic scenes of modern life, and often painted outdoors.
Internet slang has crossed from being mediated by the computer into other non-physical domains.
As such Chinese netizens reappropriate the official terms in a sarcastic way.
Using and spreading Internet slang also adds onto the cultural currency of a language.
Moreover, Shaka felt it discouraged warriors from closing into hand-to-hand combat.
Shaka discarded sandals to enable his warriors to run faster.
Generally a loose mob, called an "impi" participated in these melees.
This cycle is, in some respects, close to the mythological cycle.
A consensus has emerged which encourages the critical reading of the material.
These stories are written mainly in prose.
Insurance may also be purchased through an agent.
This allowed groups of merchants to pay to insure their goods being shipped together.
By contrast, non-life insurance cover usually covers a shorter period, such as one year.
This had been her first economic policy formulation, six months after coming to office.
Her egalitarian upbringing with her cousins helped contribute to her sense of natural equality.
She often tried to organize women to involve themselves in politics.
Permanent diplomatic missions have been established around the world.
They demanded greater personal autonomy and self-determination and less outside control.
Fleeting pleasance, then, takes a back seat to protracted eudaemonia.
Solipsism is the philosophical idea that only one's own mind is sure to exist.
Consequently, animal testing and clinical trials are major elements of "in vivo" research.
In this situation, the more specific term is "ex vivo".
Mathematical models, such as systems biology models, are much needed here.
The following example illustrates the meaning of each.
However, if both biased-exponent floating-point numbers are negative, then the ordering must be reversed.
Such numbers are called denormal.
A useful "immediate" mode was added for the push, imul, and multi-bit shift instructions.
Pin- and instruction-compatible replacements might still be manufactured by various third party sources.
Dominican priest Heinrich Kramer was assistant to the Archbishop of Salzburg.
However, this was very narrowly interpreted.
The medieval Church distinguished between "white" and "black" magic.
Modern scholarship doubts the existence of figures from Genesis, including Isaac.
Isaac grew old and became blind.
Isaac favored Esau, and Rebekah favored Jacob.
The previous division into two provinces was allowed to stand as an established fact.
Jayapura as a capital city of Papua Regency is also got the same award.
It is about creating something new by thinking across boundaries.
But your specialist cannot be brought in under either of these two categories.
Shell made substantial improvements to the algorithm; the modified version is called Shell sort.
